status	company_name	meetings	founder	high_concept	industry	focus	field	notes	company_url	discussion	Notes2	metwith	dateapplied	location	description	1App		Raheel Hasan, Melvin Cardozo, Badri Gopalan, Sharjeel Hasan	Through its proprietary cloud-based mobile operating system (OneOS), 1APP makes apps instantly available on mobile devices.	Mobile, Social Media, Software, Apps	B2C	Mobile, Social Media, Software, Apps. Focus : B2C		https://www.1app.com/			x		Santa Clara	 Met With: x	451 Degrees		Patrick Giblin	451 Degrees organized in 2006 as a social media and marketing services agency focused on developing strategies, solutions and video content centered around the Internet as it related to media company agendas.	Media	B2C	Media. Focus : B2C	SDVGCoolCo2015	http://www.451degrees.com/451-degrees/					San Diego	Notes : SDVGCoolCo2015	64pos		David Baldo	Point of sale software for dispensaries	Marijuana, SaaS		Marijuana, SaaS		https://www.64pos.com/							A Look At Media		Fred Mullins	A Look At Media produces Destination-Specific”30 minute video programming for the travel industry.	Media	B2C	Media. Focus : B2C		http://www.alookat.com/index.php					San Diego		A4shr.com		Charlie Wund	Agency for Student Health Research - mobile injury reporting app	Education, EdTech, Health Care, Risk Management, Analytics, mHealth, Software, Big Data, Information Technology		Education, EdTech, Health Care, Risk Management, Analytics, mHealth, Software, Big Data, Information Technology		http://www.injurefree.com/					San Diego		Aboomoo VR			Our Platform provides 3rd party companies opportunity to upload their locations content in VR and 360 degrees mode. This can be a brilliant marketplace to monetize own VR and 3D content.	VR	B2B2C	VR. Focus : B2B2C	EvoCompanies2016	http://aboomoo.com/					San Diego	Notes : EvoCompanies2016	Abreos Biosciences		Bradley Messmer, Peter Habers	Impacting the delivery of biologic drugs by offering precision dosing tools that will maximize the value of the drugs and expand access of these powerful medications to patients.	LifeSci	B2B2C	LifeSci. Focus : B2B2C	SDVGCoolCo2017	http://www.abreos.com/					San Diego	Notes : SDVGCoolCo2017	Accel Robotics Corporation		Marius Buibas, Nick Morozvsky, Brandon Maseda, Martin Cseh	The core technology AR developed is a 360 degree visual intelligence (VI) that enables the robots to see and interact with humans while gathering data for behavioral analytics.Our first vertical market is retail, and in that environment, OMNIO works as an AI-enabled shopping assistant helping both customers and associates.	AR	B2B2C	AR. Focus : B2B2C	EvoCompanies2016, SDVGCoolCo2017						San Diego	Notes : EvoCompanies2016, SDVGCoolCo2017	Additive Rocket Corporation			ARC 3D prints metal rocket engines for the space industry. We create high performing, customized thrust chambers in a tenth the time and at half the cost of traditional methods. Our mission is to democratize space by providing reliable and affordable propulsion solutions.	Aerospace	B2B	Aerospace. Focus : B2B	EvoCompanies2016, SDVGCoolCo2017, The Basement	http://arc-engines.com/					San Diego	Notes : EvoCompanies2016, SDVGCoolCo2017, The Basementn/a	Adformics								http://adformics.com/					San Diego		Adven-Soft		Prit Basu	AdvEnSoft is an Independent Software Vendor (ISV) that develops customized software systems for the automation of business processes in an engineered product company.					https://www.advensoftinc.com/					San Diego	n/a	Aequor Technologies?			Our distinct business approach interconnects our core expertise in IT solutions and consulting with a commitment to customized solutions.					http://aequor.com					San Diego		Aequor, Inc.		Cynthia Burzell	Aequor has developed a portfolio of green, non-toxic, eco-friendly small molecules that mimic a novel natural chemical compound discovered in the ocean and effectively control bacteria, fungi, and fouling in a new way.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Affinity Influencing Systems		Gabe Coyne	Affinity.is helps retailers attract more customers through a customer rewarding system that involve celebrities.	Mobile, Consumer		Mobile, Consumer		http://influencemobile.com/					Washington		Ag Shift		Miku Jha	AgShift indexes and analyzes observation points captured daily across the food supply chain - automating key elements of food assessment and unearthing connections that improve transparency.					https://www.agshift.com/							Air Cross, Inc.			Air Cross developed ecoHEALTH, a spray that incorporates artificial photosynthesis technology		B2B2C	. Focus : B2B2C		http://www.aircrossinc.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Aira Tech Corp (Kast Inc)		Suman Kanuganti, Yuja Chang	Aira Tech Corp. provides an online platform that operates as a visual interpreter and navigator for blind and low-vision users.					https://aira.io/					San Diego		American Plenty		Karen Baxter	American Plenty is a stand alone drive-thru express market, with a focus on providing locally grown organic produce, healthy food, plant-based food options and lifestyle essentials (pet food, wine, diapers, fresh flowers, firewood etc).	Market, Food and Beverage		Market, Food and Beverage		http://www.americanplenty.com/							Anametrix		Blaise Barallet	A Single Source of First-Party Customer Data and Profiles to Power Your Marketing	Internet, SaaS, Analytics, Big Data		Internet, SaaS, Analytics, Big Data	Now Ensighten	https://www.ensighten.com/					San Diego	Notes : Now Ensightenn/a	Anarchist		Bobby Boyd, Laura Cabrera	We're building hardware and software products that make it easier to create and collaborate in virtual reality and augmented reality.	Developer Tools, Augmented Reality, Consumer Electronics, Hardware, Software, Virtual Reality		Developer Tools, Augmented Reality, Consumer Electronics, Hardware, Software, Virtual Reality		www.anarchist.com					San Diego		anaZana, Inc.			Web Development & CAM Platform for Website Wholesalers	Big Data	B2B	Big Data. Focus : B2B		https://www.anazana.com/					San Diego		Angeloop		Igor Feerer	Angeloop: Mixing social networking, reporting, business intelligence and analytics solutions for startups and investors.	Social Networking, Business Intelligence, Investor Relations, and Startup Reporting		Social Networking, Business Intelligence, Investor Relations, and Startup Reporting		https://www.angelloop.com/					SF		Animate Objects		Chance Roth	The First Gamified AR Location Platform for theme parks, malls and in-the-wild.	VR, AR, Venue and events		VR, AR, Venue and events		http://animateobjects.net/					San Diego	*	Anno App		Patrick Caughey	PhotoSurvey's flagship product, Anno, is a software service (SaaS) that streamlines the process of taking, annotating and sharing photos used for visual analysis and documentation.	SaaS, Architecture, Photo Annotation		SaaS, Architecture, Photo Annotation							San Diego		Ano		Patrick Caughey (48%) ; partner Rockey (40% ownership; invested 600k)	Photo annotation	Landscape maintenance, architecture	B2C	Landscape maintenance, architecture. Focus : B2C	1 paying customer; development costs 600k; raised 150k (operations, legal fees); 42 teams-80 active users; $25.37 revenue		Raken, NoteVault, Envision doing similar. Per customer per month rate.		Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Taner, Cait		San Diego	Notes : 1 paying customer; development costs 600k; raised 150k (operations, legal fees); 42 teams-80 active users; $25.37 revenue Active Discussion: Raken, NoteVault, Envision doing similar. Per customer per month rate. Met With: Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Taner, Cait	Ansir SD		Ping Wang	a startup hub located in the Kearny Mesa area of San Diego, California.	Life Science and Technology		Life Science and Technology		http://ansirsd.com/							Antengo					Marketplace	. Focus : Marketplace		https://antengo.com/#/browse					San Diego		antsle, Inc.		Bernie Blume	The Private Cloud Server, Designed for Developers .	Cloud	B2C	Cloud. Focus : B2C	SDVGCoolCo2017	antsle.com					San Diego	Notes : SDVGCoolCo2017	Apmetrix		Mark Caldwell, Blaise Barrelet, Lee Jacobson	Apmetrix Inc. is an enterprise data management company that delivers analytics solutions for entertainment companies in the mobile, gaming, and digital media space.	Collectibles, Analytics, Apps, Software, Mobile	B2B	Collectibles, Analytics, Apps, Software, Mobile. Focus : B2B		http://www.apmetrix.com/					San Diego	n/a	AppZorz		Keith Posehn											San Diego		Arc Engines		Andy Kieatiwong, Kyle Adriany	The Additive Rocket Corporation rapidly designs, manufactures, and tests advanced metal thrust chambers.	Manufacturing, Space, Engines		Manufacturing, Space, Engines		http://arc-engines.com/							Assured Wireless 		Tom Bilotta	Off the grid hot spots for first responders 	 telco hardware and radio 	B2B	 telco hardware and radio . Focus : B2B	$750K Raise 	http://www.assured-wireless.com		Seasoned team working in small space. As of 6/13/17 they are going through TCA. I asked for them to come back to us if they went to DD.  https://docsend.com/view/25hv892	Eric		San Diego	Notes : $750K Raise  ,Seasoned team working in small space. As of 6/13/17 they are going through TCA. I asked for them to come back to us if they went to DD.  https://docsend.com/view/25hv892 Met With: Eric	AstroPrint		Drew Taylor, Daniel Arroyo, Joshua White	The AstroBox Touch is a simple, intuitive, cloud connected touchscreen for your 3D Printer	Hardware	B2B	Hardware. Focus : B2B		https://www.astroprint.com/					San Diego		Athlete IQ		Bryan Ferguson	Athlete IQ is a passionate community of influential and highly engaged athletes connected to the brands and events that celebrate them. Athletes can discover expert mentors, product recommendations, event reviews, as well as exclusive offers from brands and events.					http://athleteiq.com/					San Diego		AttackIQ, Inc.		Pedram Amini	Platform for security infrastructure validation	Security	B2B	Security. Focus : B2B	SDVGCoolCo2016	https://www.attackiq.com/					San Diego	Notes : SDVGCoolCo2016	Backplane		Troy Carter, Jan D'Alessandro, Vinay Hiremath	Backplane is a platform that allows like-minded people to connect across their shared interests.					http://thebackplane.com/					San Diego	n/a	Balanced			Balance is an easy-to-use micro-investing mobile app that rounds up the change from your daily transactions and invests it into companies that reflect your values, through Socially Responsible Investments.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Band of Hands		Aziz Badra	An app that instantly puts the Power to Post or Find Work in the palm of your hand.	Information Technology and Services	B2B2C	Information Technology and Services. Focus : B2B2C	Neal Bloom, Terry Moore	https://www.bandofhands.com/					San Diego	Notes : Neal Bloom, Terry Moore	BandwidthX		Pertti Visuri	BandwidthX provides a market where both Mobile Operators and Internet Service Providers can define their value for capacity in real time	ISP, Wireless, Mobile	B2B 	ISP, Wireless, Mobile. Focus : B2B 		http://www.bandwidthx.com/			x		San Diego	 Met With: x	BenRevo, Inc.		Jimson Tharayil	SaaS platform that integrates with insurance carriers and automates the entire distribution process with channel partners and clients.	Cloud based/SaaS	B2B2C	Cloud based/SaaS. Focus : B2B2C		https://www.benrevo.com/					San Diego	n/a	Better Life Technologies Group, Inc.			Better Life Technologies Group, Inc.'s mission is to bring life-preserving and life-improving technologies to the world.	Devices	B2C	Devices. Focus : B2C		http://www.betterlifetech.net/home.html					San Diego		BioAtla		Jay Short	BioAtla is a protein therapeutic company that uses discovery and evolution to develop safer and more potent drugs for the treatment of cancer.	LifeSci	B2B	LifeSci. Focus : B2B		http://bioatla.com/					San Diego		BiomedWired			BiomedWired UCSD is a student-run organization dedicated to encouraging professionalism and promoting opportunity for students in the biomedical field					http://biomedwireducsd.weebly.com/					San Diego		BitScoop		William Collins-Broza, Steven Berry	API integration platform	Internet, Developer APIs, Developer Tools, PaaS, Web Apps, Mobile		Internet, Developer APIs, Developer Tools, PaaS, Web Apps, Mobile	raising 300k on 2m, no paying customers	https://bitscoop.com/signup					San Diego	Notes : raising 300k on 2m, no paying customers	BLKBOX		Nick Venti	BLKBOX is a mobile app/website that allows users to combine their life's moments with the perfect song. It is Instagram with music.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Blue Tribe, Inc.			Coastal informatics	AI		AI		http://www.thebluetribe.com/					San Diego		BlueFlame Energy Finance LLC		Kumar Aiyer	low-cost, low-friction financing solutions for distributed and renewable energy projects	Cloud/SaaS		Cloud/SaaS	Acquired by Hyperqual	https://hyperqual.com/					San Diego	Notes : Acquired by Hyperqualn/a	Blurtopia		Grant Brostrom	Feedback app for social networking	Mobile/Communication	B2C	Mobile/Communication. Focus : B2C		http://www.blurtopia.com/					San Diego		bNesis		Dmitriy Norenko	bNesis is a Unified API service that saves up to 95% of the coding time on integration and support of multiple cloud services with mobile, desktop and WEB applications	Cloud/SaaS		Cloud/SaaS		https://bnesis.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	BoxedGreen		Eaman Talai	BoxedGreen is an innovative, sustainable platform used by facilities and retailers to get more value for their unwanted and used cardboard boxes.										San Diego	n/a	Brainyno inc.		Ruggero Scorcioni						http://www.brainyno.com/					San Diego		Brax		Khaled Azar, Mark Simon	Brax is a native advertising platform for bulk management, unified reporting and rule-based goal optimization across sources. Brax streamlines content syndication across Yahoo Gemini, Outbrain, Taboola, Revcontent and others.	Advertising platform, Marketing		Advertising platform, Marketing		https://brax.io/							Braykion		Dr. Jon Wilensky, Ryan Ruehl	The Braykion Smartband is a wearable device that uses an advanced sensor fusion algorithm to monitor, record, and remind HCWs when they need to wash, and prevents patients from contracting these completely preventable infections.	Health, Wearables, Sensors, Hardware, Hygiene		Health, Wearables, Sensors, Hardware, Hygiene		http://www.braykion.com/						n/a	Breadcrumbs			Breadcrumbs is a geofencing app that helps you keep track of how and where you spend your time.										San Diego		Brightscope		Mike Alfred & Ryan Alfred	BrightScope is a financial information and technology company that brings transparency to opaque markets.		B2C	. Focus : B2C		https://www.brightscope.com/					San Diego		Buchaholic		Christine Beggs	Buchaholic is a bold line of kombucha teas celebrating Thai flavors and sustainable community development in Northern Thailand.	Social enterprise, Food and Beverage		Social enterprise, Food and Beverage		http://Buchaholic.com							Build Fire		Ian Blair, Nathan Keating	App development	Mobile, Software, Apps	B2B	Mobile, Software, Apps. Focus : B2B		https://buildfire.com/					San Diego		Business Texter Inc.			App that manages customer contacts 	Mobile/Cloud	B2B	Mobile/Cloud. Focus : B2B		https://biztexter.com/					San Diego	n/a	Bystanders To Upstanders		Sneha Jayaprakash											San Diego		Cache Ventures		Patrick Bushe	Invest in products	Investors (mobile/ saas/ big data)		Investors (mobile/ saas/ big data)		https://cacheventures.com/					LA		CameraFlock			By leveraging a proprietary artificial intelligence engine, CameraFlock identifies the best mobile device feeds at an event and automatically edits the camera angles together. The result is a single outgoing broadcast with a look and feel similar to live TV. No other video platform has capabilities even approaching this.	AI		AI		https://www.cameraflock.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Cardiva Medical		Gordon H.Epstein, Zia Yassinzadeh	Cardiva Medical, Inc. is a medical device company thatês focused on developing and commercializing innovative vascular closure technology designed to help the body heal itself following catheterization. The companyês products include VASCADE, a vascular closure system, and Catalyst II and Catalyst III, which are designed to aid manual compression.	Med device, Medical Device, Health Care, Manufacturing 	B2B	Med device, Medical Device, Health Care, Manufacturing . Focus : B2B		http://www.cardivamedical.com					Sunnyvale	n/a	CareShare, USA Inc.			CareShare provides an affordable, convenient, safe, and trusted option for working parents by utilizing resources of stay-at-home mothers in local communities.					https://careshareusa.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Carzumer		Ward Ozaeta	Auto finance and car buying platform	Automotive, FinTech, Mobile		Automotive, FinTech, Mobile		http://www.carzumer.com/					San Diego		CarZumer, Inc.		Ward B. Ozaeta	CarZumer uses technology, analytics, and marketplace lending to disintermediate dealer financing, and provide a seamless financing and car buying experience to consumers.	Automotive, fintech, mobile		Automotive, fintech, mobile		https://www.carzumer.com/					San Diego	n/a	Cashie			Cashie is a cloud-based ecommerce solution that gives you everything you need to add a professional shopping experience to your website or blog.										San Diego		CautioSystems			A Web-based management, analytics, reporting and response system for telemetry and surveilance cameras in the oil and gas industry.	IoT	B2B	IoT. Focus : B2B		http://cautiosystems.com/					San Diego	*	Cayke			E-sports video media asset manager	E-sports	B2B (Teams)	E-sports. Focus : B2B (Teams)			https://cayke.co/	EvoNexus Incubator Co.	Allison, Taner, Ken Truesdale, Eric, Cait		San Diego	 ,EvoNexus Incubator Co. Active Discussion: https://cayke.co/ Met With: Allison, Taner, Ken Truesdale, Eric, Caitn/a	CB Therapeutics			CB Therapeutics has developed patent-pending technology for the biosynthesis of cannabinoids and other therapeutic molecules found in cannabis.	Life Sci		Life Sci					EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	CDM Technologies		Chip Murphy	CDM Technology is a customer-focused, premier provider of IT consulting, contracting and recruiting solutions.	IT	B2C	IT. Focus : B2C		http://www.cdmtechnology.com/					San Diego		Cellana		C. Barry Raleigh	Cellana, Inc., a leading developer of algae-based bioproducts					http://cellana.com/					San Diego	n/a	Cerebrumatics		Rez Amiri											San Diego		Chalk Digital		Craig Hagopian	Hypertargeted Mobile Advertising	Ad Tech	B2B	Ad Tech. Focus : B2B	As of May 2017, raised $2M seed round @ $5M pre, $2-3M total 2017 revenue (expected).  Raising $500k - $1M bridge currently	http://www.chalkdigital.com/					San Diego	Notes : As of May 2017, raised $2M seed round @ $5M pre, $2-3M total 2017 revenue (expected).  Raising $500k - $1M bridge currently	Charlot Biosciences		David Charlot	We offer a technology platform that simplifies complex bio-separation techniques developed in advanced bioengineering labs without compromising performance for biomarker detection in fluids.	Life Science	B2C	Life Science. Focus : B2C		https://www.cbiosciences.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	ChatMeter		Collin Holmes	Brand management platform	Marketing	B2B	Marketing. Focus : B2B		http://www.chatmeter.com/					San Diego		Chip Nexus		Dan Hamling		Semiconductor		Semiconductor		http://www.chipnexus.com/					San Diego		CiBots, Inc.													San Diego		Cingo		Kobus Marneweck	Cingo provides the technology for companies to embed real-time customer support in their mobile apps and websites.	Apps, Video Chat, Customer Service	B2B 	Apps, Video Chat, Customer Service. Focus : B2B 		https://www.cingo.me/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Cipher skin		Phillip Bigdanovich 	Cipher Skin is a patented family of biometric sensors that measure 3-dimensional movement while integrating numerous high-quality metrics like heart rate, respiratory rate and quality and autonomic tone.	Wearable technology, Healthtech		Wearable technology, Healthtech		https://www.cipherskin.com/							CipherDb		Cid Shetye	Add military-grade data security and regulatory compliance to your backend applications in minutes with Crypteron. Crypteron provides encryption, tamper protection, key management and a one-click response to data breaches. Sign up for free today!	Security	B2B 	Security. Focus : B2B 		https://www.crypteron.com/cipherdb/					La Jolla		Citybot		Ilya Raykin, Greg Solovyev, Sergey Povzner, Zhenya Kogan	Citybot is the developer of Itinerary EngineÈ, a mobile tool that enables travelers to create intra-day itineraries.	Tourist, Food and Beverage, Travel, Mobile 	B2C	Tourist, Food and Beverage, Travel, Mobile . Focus : B2C		http://citybot.com		Closed 	EvoCompanies2013		San Diego	 ,Closed  Met With: EvoCompanies2013	Classy		Scot Chisholm, Pat Walsh, Marshall Peden	Crowd Funding plateform 	P2P, CRM, Crowdfunding, Non Profit, Events, FinTech	B2C	P2P, CRM, Crowdfunding, Non Profit, Events, FinTech. Focus : B2C		classy.org					San Diego		CleverPet		Dan Knudsen, Leo Trottier	Home pet hub for dogs, made for training and treating your pet 	pet robotics , Education, Pet, Machine Learning	B2C	pet robotics , Education, Pet, Machine Learning. Focus : B2C		http://getcleverpet.com					San Diego	*	Clickvoyant		Kate Bartkiewicz, Mihai Anghel 	Clickvoyant analyzes real-time data to find opportunities to increase your eComm revenue.	eCommerce, Google Analytics, SAAS, KPIs, Digital Analytics, Marketing Analytics, and Predictive Analytics		eCommerce, Google Analytics, SAAS, KPIs, Digital Analytics, Marketing Analytics, and Predictive Analytics		https://ecomm.clickvoyant.com/					San Diego		CLiCS		Leilani Macedo, Charles D. Brown	Hair color mixing machine with conversion database	Hardware & SaaS, Hair & beauty, salons	B2B	Hardware & SaaS, Hair & beauty, salons. Focus : B2B	mentioned EvoNexxus, Quickpitch and EcoATM	http://www.clicscolors.com/			Allison, Eric, Taner & Cait		San Diego	Notes : mentioned EvoNexxus, Quickpitch and EcoATM Met With: Allison, Eric, Taner & Cait	Cloudbeds		Adam Harris	GDS POS software for Hotels 	software, hotels 	B2B	software, hotels . Focus : B2B		www.cloudbeds.com 			TCA		San Diego	 Met With: TCA	Coin Up, LLC		Leena Patidar	mobile donation app 	Donation, Nonprofit, Mobile App		Donation, Nonprofit, Mobile App		https://www.coinupapp.com/					San Diego		CollectiveSun, LLC			CollectiveSun is an impact investing platform for investors who want to support renewable energy projects and great nonprofits; crowd sources solar purchases and rewards contributors 	P2P, Financial Services, Finance, Professional Services	B2B2C	P2P, Financial Services, Finance, Professional Services. Focus : B2B2C		https://www.collectivesun.com/					San Diego		College Magazine		Amanda Nachman	Online campus resource 	digital Ads, Edutainment, Publishing, Media and Entertainment	B2B	digital Ads, Edutainment, Publishing, Media and Entertainment. Focus : B2B		http://www.collegemagazine.com/					San Diego		Combined Power LLC, DBA Hyperlight Energy			Thermal energy storage using Solar 	Solar 	B2B	Solar . Focus : B2B		http://hyper.starship.net/wp/?page_id=685					San Diego		Connected Signals		Dennis Capovilla, Matt Ginsberg, 	Connected Signals, Inc. is an innovative startup in the connected car space that delivers real-time, predictive traffic signal data. Our engineers have developed sophisticated techniques to predict upcoming signal states.	Auto and city infistructure, Android, iOS, Mobile Apps, Autonomous Vehicles, Transportation, Apps, Automotive, Mapping Services, Navigation	B2B 	Auto and city infistructure, Android, iOS, Mobile Apps, Autonomous Vehicles, Transportation, Apps, Automotive, Mapping Services, Navigation. Focus : B2B 		http://connectedsignals.com/					San Diego		Connequity		Russel Hall	Connequity has reimagined professional networking with an online platform that creates an ecosystem of new business opportunities to grow your business. Using a proprietary intelligent matching technology called The Intelligent Lead GeneratorÈ	Social, Business Intelligence, Marketing Automation, Software	B2B	Social, Business Intelligence, Marketing Automation, Software. Focus : B2B		http://connequity.com					San Diego		Coolan (acquired by Salesforce)		Jonathan Heiliger, Amir Michael, Yoni Michael	Coolan is bringing crowdsourced, predictive analytics to the data center. Using automated, real-time information aggregated from the data center environments of a community of operators, Coolanês platform leverages machine learning to provide peer benchmarking and historical data that predicts failure trends, prevents outages, and informs purchasing decisions. We believe that bringing the	Big Data,Analytics, Infrastructure, Predictive Analytics 	B2B	Big Data,Analytics, Infrastructure, Predictive Analytics . Focus : B2B		www.coolan.com					San Mateo		Coopals		George Zhou	CooPals is an online service which connects skiers with guides to help them navigate the mountain safely and improve their skills through spending a day with a more advanced skier.	Skiing, Share-eco, Platform/Marketplace, and Fundraising		Skiing, Share-eco, Platform/Marketplace, and Fundraising		https://www.coopals.com/					Tulsa, Oklahoma		Cordial.io			Cordial is the leading event & behavioral data management, analytics and messaging automation platform, helping companies build, deliver, and optimize real-time experiences to their customers via email and mobile campaigns using machine learning	Message automation 	B2B	Message automation . Focus : B2B		Cordial.io					San Diego		CourseKey		Luke Sophinos	College attendance and Q&A App for students 	Edtech, Education, Real Time, Software 	B2B2C	Edtech, Education, Real Time, Software . Focus : B2B2C		http://thecoursekey.com					San Diego		Croakus													San Diego		CrowdClock		Oliver Ahmadpour, J. Neil Weintraut, Alex Harris, Marcus C. Huang, Oliver A. Ahmadpour, Yashar Ahmadpour, Ankit Sharma	CrowdClock is a cloud-based platform independent appointment setting tool that enables its users to set appointments between service providers and their clients. The connecting dots between businesses and their customers can occur on the CrowdClock iPhone App, website, or the businesses' own websites through a widget.	Developer APIs, iOS, Cloud Computing, Apps, Mobile		Developer APIs, iOS, Cloud Computing, Apps, Mobile		http://crowdclock.com					San Diego		Cru.io		Ben Acott	End to end Direct to Consumer eCommerce platform for CPG brands					https://www.crucpg.com/					San Diego		Crypteron Inc		Wolfgang Wedemeyer, Sid Shetye, Yaron Guez	Crypteron is a developer-friendly platform for building, secure and compliant cloud applications and prevents data breaches. It allows its users add military-grade data security and regulatory compliance to its usersê backend applications. It provides encryption, tamper protection, key management, and a one-click response to data breaches. Its users can control their security model from a Management	Cyber Security, Developer Tools		Cyber Security, Developer Tools		http://www.crypteron.com					San Diego		Cryx.io		Will						Cryx.io					San Diego		CureMetrix		Navid Alipour, Homa Karimabadi, Blaise Barrelet	Deep learning in medical imaging. First target: breast cancer.	Medical Device, Health Care, Biotechnology, Machine Learning, Women's, Health Diagnostics, Medical, Analytics, Artificial Intelligence	B2B	Medical Device, Health Care, Biotechnology, Machine Learning, Women's, Health Diagnostics, Medical, Analytics, Artificial Intelligence. Focus : B2B		www.curemetrix.com					San Diego		Cursive Labs		Keiran Flanigan, Jon Belmonte, Grant Bostrom, Evan Witte, Ryan Bettencourt	Brain Trust Smart guys 	SaaS, Computer, Software	B2B	SaaS, Computer, Software. Focus : B2B		www.cursivelabs.com					San Diego		Curvo Labs		Steve Surheinrich	Curvo Labs LLC provides data platform that allows hospitals, surgery centers and medical device companies to connect and share information. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Evansville, Indiana.	Health, Healthcare, HealthTech		Health, Healthcare, HealthTech		http://www.curvolabs.com					Illinois		D&P Bioinnovations		Derek Dashti	D&P Bioinnovations, LLC, [D&P] is a regenerative medicine company focused on repairing damaged organs with unique biomaterials and stem cells. The company has developed a platform absorbable off-the-shelf medical device to regenerate damaged organs: gastro-intestine, blood vessels, nerves, tendons/ligaments, and muscle.	Biotech		Biotech		http://www.dpbioinnovations.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Dash?													San Diego		Dealstruck		Ethan Senturia	Group Food delivery focusing on bulk delivery 	Bulk Delivery, Local Business, Marketplace, Financial Services, Finance	B2B 	Bulk Delivery, Local Business, Marketplace, Financial Services, Finance. Focus : B2B 	Neil Senturia (Blackbird Ventures)	http://www.dealstruck.com					Carlsbad	Notes : Neil Senturia (Blackbird Ventures)	Deep Force		Winston Chen	We transfer specific domain knowledge and provide a deep learning framework to reveal the full potential of the hardware (CPU, GPU, and DSP for now, more to be included in the future) to enable fast and private AI applications on device.					http://www.deepforce.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Deep Science AI		Sean Huver, Sam Tkash	We're building a human-in-the-loop AI platform that will make active monitoring of surveillance networks more cost-effective by a factor of 10. Our prototype can spot guns, knives, ski masks, and people in unauthorized areas.	Deep Learning, Surveillance, CCTV, Machine Learning, and Video Analytics		Deep Learning, Surveillance, CCTV, Machine Learning, and Video Analytics		http://deepscience.ai			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Defy Ventures		Catherine Hoke	Defy Ventures is an entrepreneurship, employment, and character development training program for currently and formerly incarcerated men, women, and youth.					https://defyventures.org/					San Diego	n/a	DevaCell													San Diego		Dials	AL & DH Meeting 9/22	Thomas Scriven, Dante Orpilla	Mobile Calendar	Task Management, Events, Mobile		Task Management, Events, Mobile		http://dialsapp.com					Los Angeles		Diggen		Frabrice Gould	Diggen is a marketing integration platform to help marketers become data driven and optimize metrics.	Data, Marketing, Audience Targeting, Personalized Content, Ecommerce Relevany, Marketing Campaigns, Developer Platform, and Consumer Data		Data, Marketing, Audience Targeting, Personalized Content, Ecommerce Relevany, Marketing Campaigns, Developer Platform, and Consumer Data		https://www.diggen.com/					San Diego		DigTribute, Inc.		Anupama Malladi	DigTribute is a new advertising platform where the advertisement cost for a business will be directly proportional to it's final sales.	Adtech		Adtech					EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Direct Cannabis Network		Adelia Carrillo	Direct Cannabis Network is the cannabis industryês leading source of behind-the-scenes business news.	Social Media Marketing, Marketing, Advertising, and Media		Social Media Marketing, Marketing, Advertising, and Media	SDVG Cool Company 2017	http://www.directcannabisnetwork.com					San Diego	Notes : SDVG Cool Company 2017	Dizzle (Rivolix)		Will Caldwell	Dizzle generates high intent leads for home service providers by partnering with large real estate brokers.	Real Estate, Mobile, App		Real Estate, Mobile, App		http://www.dizzle.com/					San Diego		Docfully		Jacques Stroud	Docfully is a company that's developing a software system to connect medical records with telemedicine. We're creating this system in order to deliver healthcare to the elderly and disabled in their home.	Healthcare, Healthtech, 		Healthcare, Healthtech, 		docfully.com			EvoCompanies2016		SF	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Doctible		Ajit Viswanathan 	Doctible is a healthcare SaaS platform for engaging patients and automating back-office workflow to help practices and health systems grow.	SaaS, Healthcare, Marketing	B2B	SaaS, Healthcare, Marketing. Focus : B2B		http://www.doctible.com					San Diego		DonationMatch		Renee Zau	DonationMatch is a win-win, Match.com-like platform connecting in-kind donations with school and charity events	Advertising, Donation Procurement, Cause Marketing, Corporate Giving, Nonprofit Events	B2B	Advertising, Donation Procurement, Cause Marketing, Corporate Giving, Nonprofit Events. Focus : B2B		https://www.donationmatch.com					San Diego	n/a	Dotstudioz					B2B	. Focus : B2B							San Diego		DoWhop		Rae Lietzau	DoWhop is the P2P marketplace where you buy and sell what you do. We connect people who wish to host an activity with others who want to join them. Book someone's personalized experience online, then meet them in person to do whop you love.	Marketplace		Marketplace		http://www.dowhop.com			EvoCompanies2016		LA	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	eBoost		MARSHALL LONG	eBoost is providing online service in match betting, find partner your win the amount exchange for money.	eSports		eSports		http://www.eboost.info/					Santa Monica		Ecovent		Dipul Patel, Yoel Kelman, Shawn Rose, Nick Lancaster	Powered HVAC vent 	Connected Home, Residential Energy Efficiency, Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning, HVAC, Smart Homes, and Internet of Things	B2C	Connected Home, Residential Energy Efficiency, Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning, HVAC, Smart Homes, and Internet of Things. Focus : B2C		https://www.ecoventsystems.com					San Diego		Ecovent		Dipul Patel	Smart Vent	Smart Home,  Hvac, Internet of Things, Health and Wellness 	B2C	Smart Home,  Hvac, Internet of Things, Health and Wellness . Focus : B2C		https://www.ecoventsystems.com/					San Diego	n/a	EdgeIQ			EdgeIQ provides simple and easy to use software tools to organize and transform industrial data to operational decisions.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Edico Genome		Pieter van Rooyen	Our vision is to revolutionize genome sequencing analysis by providing unprecedented speed, scale and accuracy.	Genetics, Biotechnology, Big Data		Genetics, Biotechnology, Big Data		http://www.edicogenome.com/					La Jolla	?	Egge		Justin J Feng											San Diego		Elevada		Peter Dresslar, Mike Wienick	Elevada's Curator platform provides self-service data preparation tools that collect, clean and transform data from various file types, formats and data sources without requiring expensive and time consuming IT intervention, project staffing and related delays.	Data Mining, Database, Enterprise Software		Data Mining, Database, Enterprise Software		http://www.elevada.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Elevada		Peter Dresslar, Mike Wienick	Curator lets you combine, build, and publish flexible, consistent datasets from disparate, inconsistent scraps of data.	Data management, Data preparation, Extract transform and load, and Load transform and extract		Data management, Data preparation, Extract transform and load, and Load transform and extract		http://www.elevada.com/							eLux Medical			eLux Medical is a medical technology company that offers a nanomedicine approach to liposuction.	Medical, Nanotechnology		Medical, Nanotechnology		http://eluxmedical.com/					San Diego		Email Copilot		Bryan Hall, Al Bsharah	email marketing	Business Intelligence, Email, Big Data, Predictive Analytics		Business Intelligence, Email, Big Data, Predictive Analytics		http://www.emailcopilot.com					New York	n/a	Embrace			We make smart clothing that is able to prevent, protect, and alert against falls in older adults. This gives the older adults and their family peace of mind.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Emojize													San Diego	n/a	Englue													San Diego	n/a	Enhanced Simulation Technologies			Enhanced Simulation Technologies (EST) has developed a speech recognition based system for training/testing pilots and ground personnel in ATC procedures.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Enroll Hero		Bryan Kokol, Mark Lee	Enroll Hero is the personalized recommendation engine for Medicare.	Insurance, Healthcare		Insurance, Healthcare		www.enrollhero.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Envision Solar Intl (Public)		Jay Potter, Desmond Wheatley	Envision Solar, a manufacturer of solar installations for parking facilities, produces clean energy and improves aesthetics of parking lots.	Solar, Sustainability		Solar, Sustainability		http://envisionsolar.com					San Diego	?	ePatels		Milan											San Diego		EpiSys Science, Inc. (EpiSci)			Powered by our Tactical AI technologies, our autonomous UAV swarm systems (SwarmSense) and autonomous RF situational awareness systems (HiReS) solve real- _world problems for military and civilian applications.	AI, Radio Networking		AI, Radio Networking		http://episci-inc.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Etalon Sciences			We are a marketplace for health science R&D data. the ebay of health science. Our mission is to democratize access to proprietary health science knowledge to enable faster, smarter R&D.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Everyone Counts		Lori Steele Contorer	Everyone Counts provides secure multi-channel voting solutions for voters, election officials, and poll workers internationally.	Internet, Consulting, Enterprise Software		Internet, Consulting, Enterprise Software		http://www.everyonecounts.com					San Diego		Evincebio		Paulo Rangel	Evince Biosciences is a next generation drug discovery company with a discovery platform that applies artificial intelligence to the discovery process and an internal program targeting cancer immunotherapy.	Biotech, Machine Learning, Lead optimization, Drug discovery, and Artificial Intelligence		Biotech, Machine Learning, Lead optimization, Drug discovery, and Artificial Intelligence		http://www.evincebio.com/					San Diego		Excursion			Excursion is an advertising platform that brings together augmented reality applications and 3D advertising content.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Exposure Tracker		Chris Corrivea	SaaS for documenting accidents during public safety jobs; specifically for firefighters.	Public Safety, Computer Software, SaaS	B2C	Public Safety, Computer Software, SaaS. Focus : B2C		www.vaultexposuretracker.com		2017	Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Josh		San Diego	 ,2017 Met With: Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Josh	eZtory		Anton Lobach, Helena Constantinidis	eZtory brings an affordable Augmented Reality (AR) solution of a Virtual Fitting Room for brick-and-mortal stores.It combines AR with 3D, and AI domain adaptive neural networks for object recognition technologies.	AR, Augmented Reality, AI, Artificial Intelligence, VR, Virtual Reality, E-Commerce, 3D, and Product Catalogs		AR, Augmented Reality, AI, Artificial Intelligence, VR, Virtual Reality, E-Commerce, 3D, and Product Catalogs		https://eZtory.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Factor Technologies Inc.			Factory is a software company building a performance management tool - Factory. Factory helps teams and organizations improve productivity.	SaaS, Project Management		SaaS, Project Management		https://factory.zone					San Diego		FanPics		Dan Magy, Marco Correia, Victor Chen, William Dickinson	Photo sharing in arena w/ a social media and ad element 	Internet, Social Media, Sports, Apps, Events, Mobile	B2B 	Internet, Social Media, Sports, Apps, Events, Mobile. Focus : B2B 		https://www.fanpics.com/					San Diego		fashioning change		Kevin Ball, Adriana Herrera	Fashioning Change is an online marketplace providing personalized fashion product recommendations that are branded and eco-friendly.	GreenTech, E-Commerce, Big Data, Fashion		GreenTech, E-Commerce, Big Data, Fashion		http://fashioningchange.com					San Diego		FASTech, LLC.			FASTech is a video compression company founded as a spinoff of 10+ years of academic research for the LIGO project (http://www.ligo.caltech.edu, likely to win the 2017 Nobel Prize in Physics) in real time analytics, compression and sparse representations.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016*	Field Logix		Yukon Palmer	FieldLogix is an IoT company that offers fleet management and employee monitoring solutions	Mobile Apps, Intellectual Property, Logistics, Software, Internet of Things		Mobile Apps, Intellectual Property, Logistics, Software, Internet of Things		http://www.fieldtechnologies.com					San Diego		find me gluten free		Jen Cafferty	gluten-free restaurant directory.	Business Listings, Gluten Free, Gluten Free Promotion, Gluten Free Businesses, Gluten Free Community, Social Media, Mobile App, Business Listing Website, and Restaurant Finder		Business Listings, Gluten Free, Gluten Free Promotion, Gluten Free Businesses, Gluten Free Community, Social Media, Mobile App, Business Listing Website, and Restaurant Finder		http://www.findmeglutenfree.com					San Diego		Fiveforty		Paul Myers					Website doesn't work	http://www.fivefortymarketing.com/						Notes : Website doesn't workn/a	FoodTap													San Diego	n/a	ForFit													San Diego		Forged Elite, Inc (Kilmodo)			WOD and performance tracking for the extreme fitness community	Fitness, Health Care, Analytics, Communities		Fitness, Health Care, Analytics, Communities		https://www.kilomodo.com/					San Diego		Formilla.com		Zaia Gilyana	Live chat widget for websites	Widget, Live chat		Widget, Live chat		http://www.formilla.com/							Founderly		Mark Benning	Founderly.co enables peer advisory groups, led by experienced entrepreneur coaches, for seed-funded tech startup founders to discuss and share leadership issues and fundraising challenges.		B2B	. Focus : B2B		founderly.co					San Diego		Frequentz		Greg Seremetis	Frequentz is a technology driven company and a leader in providing comprehensive serialized data warehousing, traceability, and information management solutions which help to improve productivity, enhance product quality, and increase profitability.	Information Technology and Services		Information Technology and Services		http://frequentz.com/						n/a	Fresca Medical		John Cox	CPAP device/therapy	Medical Device, Health Care, Medical		Medical Device, Health Care, Medical							San Diego		fypio		John Kvasnic, Michael Koh	House hunting App	Machine Learning, Analytics, Real Estate, Big Data, Mobile	B2C	Machine Learning, Analytics, Real Estate, Big Data, Mobile. Focus : B2C		acquired by openhouse					Canada	n/a	Geneva CleanTech Inc.													San Diego		GigaIO Networks		Alan Benjamin	GigaIO enables the data center applications of tomorrow by solving the #1 problem in the data center today; slow interconnect performance. T	Storage, Computer networking		Storage, Computer networking		http://www.gigaionet.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Gigaionet.com		Alan Benjamin											San Diego		Gingershots		Zeyad Moussa	Ginger shots 	Food and beverage, Consumer	B2B	Food and beverage, Consumer. Focus : B2B		www.gingershots.com					San Diego		Glyd App		Monika Bhasin	GLYD helps travelers connect with locals to have true local experiences on their trips through locally curated itineraries and services.	Mobile App		Mobile App		https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/glyd/id986393500?mt=8							Go Ghost LLC		Erik Anderson	Harnessing information that has been previously discarded, Evotis gives users the power to do things previously thought impossible with a single render. The goal is to reduce iteration, storage, processing, and man hours so computer graphics artists can be artists.	Computer Software, Rendering, Compositing, Image Formats, Virtual Reality, Visual Effects, Animation, Graphic Design, Visualization, Automotive Design, Architectural Design, and Media & Entertainment		Computer Software, Rendering, Compositing, Image Formats, Virtual Reality, Visual Effects, Animation, Graphic Design, Visualization, Automotive Design, Architectural Design, and Media & Entertainment		https://www.go-ghost.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	GoFastCab (acq. by Total Transit)													San Diego		Goformz		Jeff Fildey, Jonathan McIntire, Jason Craven, Andrew Stevens, Jason Freitas, Jonathan Stevens	GoFormz is helping customers to transform into data-driven businesses with its mobile-first business productivity platform.	SaaS, Developer Tools, Cloud Computing, Mobile		SaaS, Developer Tools, Cloud Computing, Mobile		http://www.goformz.com					San Diego		Gofundme		Andrew Ballester, Brad Damphousse,	Crowdfunding Platform 	Crowdfunding, Angel Investment, Events	B2C	Crowdfunding, Angel Investment, Events. Focus : B2C		www.gofundme.com					San Diego		GolfMDs			Online Booking platform for Golf Lessons	P2P, consumer, social media	P2P	P2P, consumer, social media. Focus : P2P		http://www.golfmds.com					San Diego		GoShare		Shaun Savage, Assaf Karmon	GoShare connects truck and van owners with businesses & people who need to move, deliver or haul large items on demand.	Transportation, Automotive, Software	B2B	Transportation, Automotive, Software. Focus : B2B		https://www.goshare.co					San Diego		GoShare		Shaun Savage	GoShare connects drivers who have a pickup truck or cargo van with people and businesses nearby who need help moving, hauling, or delivering large items on demand. Your GoShare driver will help you load and unload your cargo.	Delivery On Demand, Van Rental, Truck Rentals, Moving On Demand, Transportation Services, Pickup Truck Rental, and Sharing Economy		Delivery On Demand, Van Rental, Truck Rentals, Moving On Demand, Transportation Services, Pickup Truck Rental, and Sharing Economy		http://www.goshare.co					San Diego	n/a	GreekRush													San Diego		Green Kid Crafts		Penny Bauder, Sue Sears	Eco-Friendly Craft Subscription Service	E-Commerce, Service Industry, Green Consumer Goods		E-Commerce, Service Industry, Green Consumer Goods		http://www.greenkidcrafts.com					San Diego	n/a	Greg Tudryn Industries			Our business disrupts and expands the current landscape of mechanical energy harvesting using flexible membranes and coatings to convert mechanical motion, pressure, and vibration into power.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Greyble		Chiara Dorigo	greywater recycling system	renewables, environment, Sustainability, Cleantech, Water Conservation, and Greywater Recycling		renewables, environment, Sustainability, Cleantech, Water Conservation, and Greywater Recycling		https://www.facebook.com/greyble/					San Diego		GroGuru		Farooq	Digitization of the plant life cycle & soil monitoring 	SaaS, Mobile		SaaS, Mobile		http://groguru.com/					San Diego		Grolltex		Jeffrey Draa, Aliaksandr Zaretski	Grolltex for 'graphene-rolling-technologies' is an early stage company with breakthrough technology in the field of CVD graphene production	Nanotechnology		Nanotechnology		https://grolltex.com					San Diego		GroundMetrics		George Eiskamp	Subsurface surveying and imaging services, primarily to the oil and gas industry.	Oil & Gas Reservoir Monitoring, IOR/EOR, CO2 Sequestration Monitoring, Hydraulic Fracturing Monitoring, Formation Characterization and Evaluation, Geothermal Exploration, and Resistivity Mapping		Oil & Gas Reservoir Monitoring, IOR/EOR, CO2 Sequestration Monitoring, Hydraulic Fracturing Monitoring, Formation Characterization and Evaluation, Geothermal Exploration, and Resistivity Mapping		http://www.GroundMetrics.com					San Diego		GroupSolver		Rastislav Ivanic	Market research solutions	Market Research, Crowdsourcing, Collaborative problem solving, and Consulting		Market Research, Crowdsourcing, Collaborative problem solving, and Consulting		https://groupsolver.com					San Diego		Gryphon Connect Security		John Wu and Arup	Wireless routing security	Hardware & SaaS	B2B2C	Hardware & SaaS. Focus : B2B2C	Just finished Connect Springboard Program	https://www.gryphonconnect.com/			Allison, Eric, Taner & Cait		San Diego	Notes : Just finished Connect Springboard Program Met With: Allison, Eric, Taner & Cait	Hardin Scientific, Inc.		Aaron Hardin	Hardin Scientific, Inc. is a premium laboratory equipment manufacturer for the R&D and GMP sectors of the Biotechnology community. Our equipment breaks the mold of the generic one-size-fits-all solutions by providing laboratories fully-customizable equipment tailored to the experiments specific needs.	BioTech, IoT, Laboratory Equipment Engineering, Laboratory Equipment, Laboratory Equipment Manufacturing		BioTech, IoT, Laboratory Equipment Engineering, Laboratory Equipment, Laboratory Equipment Manufacturing		http://www.HardinScientific.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Healmet		Jason Drury, Mark Baker	HealMet is a bioinformatics data management company making the next generation of consumer long term use medical devices	Health, Fitness, Wellness, Data		Health, Fitness, Wellness, Data		http://www.healmet.com/					San Diego		Healthcentrix (Prevvy.co)		Alejandro Salsamendi	Prevvy is a Connected health ecosystem where patients, families, and providers collaborate with each other in the care continuum, in order to get better outcomes, better patient engagement, and patient experience.	Healthcare, personal health, analytics		Healthcare, personal health, analytics		http://www.healthcentrix.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	HeartBeat		Abinash Tiwari	Internet marketing service	Marketing Service, product/services, product review	B2C	Marketing Service, product/services, product review. Focus : B2C		GetHeartBeat.co					San Diego	n/a	HeatSeq, Inc			HeatSeq is overcoming the technical hurdles of High Resolution Melt fingerprinting of DNA to enable broad-based, rapid pathogen detection. The company's current market focus is clinical diagnosis of bacteremia, where rapid broad-based bacterial pathogen detection will ensure timely and accurate diagnosis and treatment, leading to significant reduction in patient mortality and health care costs.	Biotech, LifeSci		Biotech, LifeSci		http://www.heatseq.com					San Diego		Homecoin		Jon Minerick	homecoin.com enables property sellers to save thousands by listing on the Multiple Listing Service (MLS) for a low, flat fee instead of paying a 6% commission. All from the comfort of your home	Real Estate, For Sale By Owner, E-Commerce, and Home Selling		Real Estate, For Sale By Owner, E-Commerce, and Home Selling		https://homecoin.com/					San Diego		HookIt		Scott Tiltom	Hookit is a data, ranking and insights platform that provides the most comprehensive solution to help brands amplify sponsorship spend.	E-Commerce, Social Media, Analytics, Sports, Brand Marketing, Events, Mobile		E-Commerce, Social Media, Analytics, Sports, Brand Marketing, Events, Mobile		http://www.hookit.com					San Diego	n/a	I-Belong		Shikhar Ghosh		Consumer, Service Industry, Customer Service		Consumer, Service Industry, Customer Service							San Diego		Icarus RT		Ilya Shoniya	Icarus RT has developed a patent pending low-cost power boosting system for solar panels.					http://www.icarusrt.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	IE-9 Technology Corp													San Diego		IEEE.org		Upkar	IEEE is the worldês largest professional association dedicated to advancing technological innovation and excellence for the benefit of humanity.	Nonprofit Organization Managemen		Nonprofit Organization Managemen		IEEE.org							Incubee			App based database for startups. Investors can share companies they meet with, with their team				Neal Bloom involved.				Allison		San Diego	Notes : Neal Bloom involved. Met With: Allison	Independa		Kian Saneii	subscription services platform offering technology-enabled, independent-living solutions for the elderly.	Subscription Service, Assisted Living		Subscription Service, Assisted Living		http://www.independa.com					San Diego	?	INF Microsensors, Inc		Visarath In											San Diego	n/a	Innovative Lifestyles LLC													San Diego		INOVA DRONE		Chad Amonn, Alex fuller, Rick Thorne	INOVA Drone is is a San Diego based drone company proudly powered by TechStars at the Qualcomm Robotics Accelerator.	Drones, Robotics, Aerospace		Drones, Robotics, Aerospace		http://www.inovadrone.com/					San Diego	n/a	Inside Feedback, LLC			Our first product, the EQ Suite, focuses on developing employee emotional intelligence (EQ) skills, but the Suite also solves an additional problem for organizations: Collecting timely and meaningful employee wellness and engagement data (currently a $1Billion industry using delayed surveys).								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Inspire Innovation Co dba Pickee													San Diego		Intro Pulse		Nancy Dost	ntroPulse is a SAAS Platform that allows employers and hiring managers to post and customize their jobs as a one-way interview on 100's of job boards and social media with one click.	IT, SaaS, HR		IT, SaaS, HR		https://intropulse.com/					San Diego		Invax		Matt	InvVax is commercializing the world's first universal influenza vaccine.	LifeSci		LifeSci							LA		Inveeka (limbis mobile)			Limbis allows attendees to quickly and easily view, bookmark, and share digital vendor content from their smartphone; content that is custom created for the event.	Mobile, Consumer		Mobile, Consumer		http://inveeka.com					San Diego		Invieo			Invieo, formerly OneSpark, supplies powerful data and unique direct customer data to the hospitality, sport, and entertainment industries.	Apps, Consulting, Hospitality, Mobile, Customer Service		Apps, Consulting, Hospitality, Mobile, Customer Service		http://www.invieo.com/					San Diego		It's Borrowed		Michael Jacobsen	It's Borrowed provides a peer to peer app to manage the process of paid rentals between everyday people. Items you own can be put to work to make you money. Acquire items you want to use but don't need to own or store.	Mobile Apps, Sharing Economy, Mobile		Mobile Apps, Sharing Economy, Mobile		http://itsborrowed.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Ivera (Curos)		Bob Rogers	Ivera Medical Corporation is focused on the development and sale of disinfection products to reduce hospital acquired infections.	Health Care, Biotechnology, Hospital		Health Care, Biotechnology, Hospital		http://curos.com							IVOREEZ			Database of popular songs and color code system allows you to play piano to the tune of your fav song.	Music, interactive play and learn, edtech		Music, interactive play and learn, edtech		https://ivoreez.com/					San Diego	n/a	IvyCor													San Diego		iWinks		Daniel Schonover, Andrew Smiley	a smart headband that measures vital signs to accurately track sleep, and uses onboard lights and tones to influences dreams.	wearable tech, IOT, neuroscience, and biosensors		wearable tech, IOT, neuroscience, and biosensors		http://sleepwithaurora.com					San Diego		JamClouds		Christoffer Wallin	Unite on Jamcloud's platform and collaborate in an online and realtime studio	Music, Cloudbased		Music, Cloudbased		http://www.jamclouds.com					San Diego		Jib Technologies		Paul Meyers, Brent Hranicky	Real-time, purchase-based targeting to millennial consumers via mobile.	Loyalty Programs, Brand Marketing, Payments		Loyalty Programs, Brand Marketing, Payments		http://jibb.in/					San Diego		Joynln		Bill Kisch	JoynIn is a mobile and web-based social commerce platform that facilitates customer relationship management of retail businesses.	Loyalty Programs, Social Media, Local, Mobile		Loyalty Programs, Social Media, Local, Mobile		http://heyjoynin.com					San Diego	n/a	Justmeet LLC								http://www.kalostpx.com/					San Diego		Kalos Therapeutics		George Colberg	Kalos is developing a groundbreaking approach to treating cancers and related co-morbidities.	BioTech, LifeSci, Cancer		BioTech, LifeSci, Cancer							San Diego	n/a	kareer .me			Kareer.me helps candidates Discover amazing companies theyêd love to work for. Companies showcase their culture, workplace, company life, team, benefits, and open opportunities to attract top talent to their team. Kareer.me is changing the way people look for their next career.	Recruiting, Job Search, Company Culture, and In-house Recruiting		Recruiting, Job Search, Company Culture, and In-house Recruiting		http://www.kareer.me					San Diego		Kickstagram		Ronan Galvin	We help brands/companies drive sales and brand awareness through automated Instagram growth optimization.	Instagram Marketing, Instagram For Business, Instagram Strategy, Social Media Marketing, Social Media Outreach, Social Media Analytics, and Digital Marketing		Instagram Marketing, Instagram For Business, Instagram Strategy, Social Media Marketing, Social Media Outreach, Social Media Analytics, and Digital Marketing		http://www.kickstagram.io			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Kickstagram		Ronan Galvin	Instagram marketing	Marketing, media		Marketing, media		https://www.kickstagram.io/					San Diego		Koriist		Ron Wangerin, Chad Trytten, Mat Guerrieri, Jake Freeman	We focus on connecting disparate communications networks with a revolutionary software defined multi-protocol data+network router overlay.					https://www.koriist.com					San Diego	n/a	KudzuApp, LLC			Kudzu is a platform that empowers homeowners to care for their entire yard, not just their lawn. Kudzu will recognize plants, notify the homeowner when maintenance is required and perform the maintenance if needed.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Kyosk Integrated Solutions, LLC.			We are developing a system which maximizes the efficiency and perceived value of dollars spent for services and equipment by wireless consumers, and provides exciting direct consumer acquisition pipelines for both wireless carriers and OEM's alike; tailored primarily as a mobile application available on iOS, Android, and Web.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Kyosk.Biz		Elante Tate	A mobile platform that measures your cell usage, projects your costs through the end of your billing cycle, gives you the tools to find the best service that fits your individual needs, and allows you to change services or equipment as quickly and efficiently as possible with no hassles and stops in the store.		We provide a mobile platform that measures your cell usage, projects your costs through the end of your billing cycle, gives you the tools to find the best service that fits your individual needs, and allows you to change services or equipment as quickly and efficiently as possible with no hassles and stops in the store.	. Focus : We provide a mobile platform that measures your cell usage, projects your costs through the end of your billing cycle, gives you the tools to find the best service that fits your individual needs, and allows you to change services or equipment as quickly and efficiently as possible with no hassles and stops in the store.		http://www.kyosk.biz/					San Diego		Kyriba		Jean-Luc Robert	Kyriba offers SaaS-based treasury solutions that enable treasury departments to plan for market volatility, regulation, and opportunities.	SaaS, Risk Management, Finance, Enterprise Software, FinTech, Payments		SaaS, Risk Management, Finance, Enterprise Software, FinTech, Payments		http://www.kyriba.com					San Diego	n/a	La Pwii													San Diego		Lab Fellows		Julio de Unamuno IV, Tim Ryan	ntegrated lab management platform.	Procurement, Biotechnology, Life Science, Logistics, Software		Procurement, Biotechnology, Life Science, Logistics, Software		http://labfellows.com/					San Diego	n/a	lark.life													San Diego		Lash.Live		Nichole MacDonald (Sash Founder)	Live sales platform	E-commerce	B2B2C	E-commerce. Focus : B2B2C	Vidya				Allison, Eric, Taner & Cait		San Diego	Notes : Vidya Met With: Allison, Eric, Taner & Cait	Leadpops		Robert Shuey, Andrew Pawlak	leadPops is the easiest way for mortgage pros, real estate agents, insurance agents, and attorneys to generate more quality leads, no setup	Real Estate, Legal, Insurance, FinTech		Real Estate, Legal, Insurance, FinTech		http://www.leadPops.com					San Diego		Learn2Earn		Hayley Brookes, Raphael Menko	Learn2Earn is a tech organization that provides online read-a-thon fundraisers for schools.	EdTech, Nonprofit	B2B	EdTech, Nonprofit. Focus : B2B		https://www.whooosreading.org/					San Diego		Learning Threads Corporation			Learning Threads is a crowd-sourced open learning online platform that enables users to optimize their learning experiences.					http://www.learningthreads.co					San Diego	n/a	LendIt LLC			LendIt enables users to post and rent a variety of items for profit and saving time to find objects people do not necessarily want to buy. LendIt also acts as a connector between existing rental companies and their customers, increasing visibility and profit.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	LIA		David Warren	LIA is a mobile platform for the distribution of real-time content between marketing and sales teams at Global 2000 companies.	Sales Automation, Enterprise Software, Mobile		Sales Automation, Enterprise Software, Mobile		http://www.liaapp.com					San Diego		LoanHero		Derek Barclay, Kristin Slink	LoanHero provides financing for the important things in life, empowering merchants to extend instant financing at the point of sale.	Consumer, Point of Sale, Financial Services, Retail		Consumer, Point of Sale, Financial Services, Retail		http://www.loanhero.com					San Diego	?	Locate Inv		Zack Schiffelbein													LocBit		ALVIN LAM, BOIAN SPASSOV, ANDRIJ WILHITE	Locbit is a company that helps companies and people connect their devices inside their buildings.	Enterprise Software, Hospitality, Internet of Things, IoT		Enterprise Software, Hospitality, Internet of Things, IoT		http://www.locbit.com					San Diego		Look Lateral		NiccolÖ Filippo Veneri Savoia	Delivering contemporary hand picked art daily 	Art, media, consumer, digital media, 	B2C	Art, media, consumer, digital media, . Focus : B2C	Based in Italy	http://www.looklateral.com/en/					San Diego	Notes : Based in Italy	LoTec Enterprises		Ron Chinitz	Procuder of XY Axis stamp for math students	Consumer goods, Math, Students, Products		Consumer goods, Math, Students, Products		https://coordimate.com/					LA	n/a	Louder Rewards / Affinity Influencing Systems													San Diego		Loyalty Generator		Bryce Ebeling	Data driven, business process: enforcement, reporting and improvement engine designed for consumer retail and service businesses.	Marketing Automation, Big Data		Marketing Automation, Big Data		https://loygen.com/					San Diego		LuckyBolt		Kristopher Schlesser	Lunch delivery service	Consumer, HealthTech, Restaraunt, Delivery	B2B	Consumer, HealthTech, Restaraunt, Delivery. Focus : B2B		http://luckybolt.com					San Diego		Manta Instruments		Rick Cooper	developer of technology for characterizing nanoparticles	Nanotechnology, Test and Measurement		Nanotechnology, Test and Measurement		http://www.mantainc.com/					San Diego		Matrisys Bio		Mark Wilson, Richard Gallo	derm based microbiome company with several phase 2 programs	Biotech / Microbiome, Pharmaceutical, Biopharma, Medical	Dermatology	Biotech / Microbiome, Pharmaceutical, Biopharma, Medical. Focus : Dermatology	Raising $3M (as of March 2017)	http://matrisysbio.com/		https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PZOm_Qtl0m5_XRhCneY0eIK2T-e8IJrPkrgEPf0O9RQ/edit			San Diego	Notes : Raising $3M (as of March 2017) ,https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PZOm_Qtl0m5_XRhCneY0eIK2T-e8IJrPkrgEPf0O9RQ/editn/a	MD-GDP Technologies Inc.													San Diego	n/a	Measured Voice				Social Media, Management		Social Media, Management							San Diego		MediaZilla			Present professional videos with online interactive menus created in minutes. Easily export projects to DVD, Blu-ray and USB/offline formats.	Media, Media Delivery, Streaming		Media, Media Delivery, Streaming		https://mediazilla.com/					San Diego		Medipacs		Mark Banister	Medipacs is a developer of non-mechanical infusion pumps for the delivery of drugs.	Medical devices, Med, Hardware, Software		Medical devices, Med, Hardware, Software		http://medipacs.com					San Diego		Medsci Intl			Journal of Medical Sciences	Media, Journal, LifeSciences		Media, Journal, LifeSciences		http://www.medsci.org/					San Diego		Medspace		Bernabe Perez	Medspace has developed a Big Data software solution that will allow optimization, and streamline the currently inefficient processes, for medical collaborations between home health agencies and healthcare providers.	Lead gen, Healthcare		Lead gen, Healthcare		https://medspace.io			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	MEGAFANS.co			MEGAFANS.io is a combined mobile gaming, e-sports and fantasy sports platform where people can play for fun, cool prizes including cryptocurrenices and experiences.	e-sports, mobile, gaming		e-sports, mobile, gaming		http://megafans.co/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Memory Hive			Digital journal	Mobile, App, Media, Journal		Mobile, App, Media, Journal		http://www.memoryhive.com/					San Diego		MetaFlows Inc		Livio Ricciulli	MetaFlows has developed cutting-edge software that monitors network traffic to detect and protect against Malware and other advanced network security threats.	SaaS, Security, Cybersecurity, Network Security, Intrusion Detection System, Open Source Software, and Intrusion Prevention System		SaaS, Security, Cybersecurity, Network Security, Intrusion Detection System, Open Source Software, and Intrusion Prevention System		http://www.metaflows.com					San Diego	n/a	MetraLabs													San Diego	n/a	MG Therapies Inc.			MG Therapies will deliver cost effective relief to the 45 million Dry Eye Syndrome patients in the U.S. and Europe.	Healthcare		Healthcare					EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	mHealthGenie LLC			nutrition guide										San Diego		MicroDermis		Robert Degour	Microdermis Corporation manufactures and markets skin care products for skin repair and protection, antimicrobial, and dental skin care.	Biotechnology, Wellness, Manufacturing		Biotechnology, Wellness, Manufacturing		http://www.microdermis.com					San Diego	n/a	mimo													San Diego		Mindtouch		Aaron Fulkerson, Steve Bjorg	Customer Success driven SaaS company with top-tier clients like MakerBot, Paypal, Intuit, Accenture, and more	SaaS, Customer Success Software, Customer Support, Customer Service, Customer Experience, SCRM, Knowledge Management, Knowledge Base, and Customer Engagement		SaaS, Customer Success Software, Customer Support, Customer Service, Customer Experience, SCRM, Knowledge Management, Knowledge Base, and Customer Engagement		mindtouch.com					San Diego		MintScraps		Tony Vu	MintScraps is a cloud-based software platform that helps restaurants, grocery stores, and other businesses track their food waste and save money.	Cloud, SaaS, Food waste, Restaraunts, Recycling		Cloud, SaaS, Food waste, Restaraunts, Recycling		https://www.mintscraps.com/					San Diego		MiP.O.V. Technologies, Inc.			We are developing a modular, 24/7 wearable camera, a retroactive save algorithm and mobile software that simplifies the video editing and sharing process, making it fast and easy to post to social media.	Medial, Camera Solutions, Spontaneous Moments, Social Media, and Video		Medial, Camera Solutions, Spontaneous Moments, Social Media, and Video		http://mipovtechnologies.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Mission Edge		Ken Davenport	Incubator/Accelerator for Social Startups	Social Enterprise, NonProfit, Incubator, Accelerator		Social Enterprise, NonProfit, Incubator, Accelerator		http://www.missionedge.org/services					San Diego		Mission Manager			Cloud based incident management	Cloud, SaaS, Natural Disasters		Cloud, SaaS, Natural Disasters		http://www.MissionManager.com					San Diego		Mobile Bigfoot		Kevin Lyman	Mobile Bigfoot is a service provider of wireless networks for public and private venues	Wireless, Events, Electronics, Wifi, Mobile		Wireless, Events, Electronics, Wifi, Mobile		http://mobilebigfoot.com					SF	n/a	Mobile Trec													San Diego		Modern AlkaMe (BioMarker)			Modern AlkaMe is a cloud-based precision healthcare platform that uses user-generated digital health data to match supplements & nootropics to customers engaging in cosmetic psychopharmacology	Cloud, Healthcare, Data, Application		Cloud, Healthcare, Data, Application		https://www.biomarker.io/			EvoNexxus		San Diego	 Met With: EvoNexxus	Mogl		Jarrod Cuzens, Jon Carder, Jeff Federman	MOGL provides an online cash back service for dining at affiliated restaurants.	Credit, Internet, Restaurants, Hospitality, Customer Service		Credit, Internet, Restaurants, Hospitality, Customer Service		https://www.mogl.com/		Owned by Empyr			San Diego	 ,Owned by Empyr	MomCo		Jillian Rose Darlington, Beth Bryan	MomCo App is a FREE app that allows moms to locate and connect with potential mom friends that live close to them.	Mobile, App, Parenting App, Communication, Mobile Advertising, E-Commerce, Social Media, Mobile		Mobile, App, Parenting App, Communication, Mobile Advertising, E-Commerce, Social Media, Mobile		http://momcoapp.com/					San Diego		Motoroso, Inc.		Alex Littlewood	Motoroso is building the Market network for the Automotive and Powersports Enthusiast Community.	Automotive, Social Network, e-commerce, Visual web, and pictures		Automotive, Social Network, e-commerce, Visual web, and pictures		http://www.motoroso.com					San Luis Obispo	n/a	MovatE Health													San Diego	n/a	mWorks Health Inc. (merged to form Elimu)				Health info Tech		Health info Tech		https://www.elimu.io/					San Diego		MyCareMatch.com			Inhome and assisted living care	Healthcare, Seniors, Assisted Living		Healthcare, Seniors, Assisted Living							San Diego		Myliveinc App		Brandon Magpayo	Our mobile app is an interactive social networking and mapping platform for college students in San Diego. Open MyLive and see a map of everything happening around you, in real time.	Mobile App, Students, Campus life		Mobile App, Students, Campus life		https://www.myliveinc.com/							Nanome		Steven McClosky	Virtual Reality platform for the advancement and design of nanotechnology.	Nanotechnology, Virtual Reality, SaaS	B2B	Nanotechnology, Virtual Reality, SaaS. Focus : B2B		http://nanome.ai/					San Diego		nCore Communications, Inc.		Behzad Mohebbi	a –multi-connectivity platform that supports all access technologies within a single unified network.	Networks, LTE, IoT		Networks, LTE, IoT		http://ncorecommunications.com/					San Diego		Neqtr, Inc.		Sonya Davis	Neqtr is a relationship app for socially conscious people looking for love or friendship	Communication, Networking, Mobile, App		Communication, Networking, Mobile, App		https://www.neqtr.com/					San Diego		New Blue		Todor Fay, Melissa Jordan Grey	digital video effects technology	Digital Media, Software, Information Technology		Digital Media, Software, Information Technology		http://newbluefx.com/					San Diego	n/a	Nirvana Systems													San Diego		Noble Environmental Technologies		Robert L. Noble, Jay Potter	Noble Environmental Technologies invents and manufactures ECOR, an advanced sustainable building and design material.	Environment, Design, Home renovation		Environment, Design, Home renovation		https://ecorglobal.com/					San Diego		NotesFirst		Nadim Hilicioglu, Patricia Lopez, Ryan Lopez	NotesFirstÂ is an encrypted and customizable mobile app with cloud service for healthcare practitioners.					https://www.notesfirst.com/					San Diego		Novele		AJ Glassberg	Novele builds real estate technology for the modern, sustainable building	Renerables & environment, Innovative energy storage, software, design, and Real Estate tech		Renerables & environment, Innovative energy storage, software, design, and Real Estate tech		http://www.novele.com					San Diego		nPruv			nPruv is a Health IT company enabling a new era of predictive modeling for clinical trial patient matching and recruitment. We are –Match .com for Clinical Trials.”	Medical Trials, Data, Health IT, Healthcare, Patient Recruitment, and Clinical Trials		Medical Trials, Data, Health IT, Healthcare, Patient Recruitment, and Clinical Trials		http://npruv.com/					San Diego		NR8 ( pronounced as narrate )		Srinivas Rao	NR8 allows anyone to legally create new videos/stories using billion plus videos on YouTube and other video platforms. NR8's editing interface allows users to legally splice together clips from one or more YouTube videos (with billion+ to chose from) and create new stories/videos.	Video sharing		Video sharing		https://www.nr8.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Nulu		Eitan Geft	Nulu is an interactive web platform that helps users learn languages.	Education, News, Language Learning, EdTech		Education, News, Language Learning, EdTech		https://www.nulu.com/en-us/home					San Diego		Nxt Robotics Corp.		Jeff Debrosse	NXT Robotics designs and builds intelligent machine-based solutions for security monitoring and reporting applications.	Hardware, Robotics, Robotics, Software Design and Engineering, Security Automation, and Hardware Design and Engineering		Hardware, Robotics, Robotics, Software Design and Engineering, Security Automation, and Hardware Design and Engineering		http://www.nxtrobotics.com					San Diego		Oahu Snorkel		Jay Chandler													Obrary, Inc.		Eric Schleicher, Scott Austin, Ha Phan	Obrary's mission is to democratize product design by improving the software that runs digital fabrication.	Crowdsourcing, E-Commerce, SaaS, Product Design, B2B, Information Technology, Manufacturing, Open Source		Crowdsourcing, E-Commerce, SaaS, Product Design, B2B, Information Technology, Manufacturing, Open Source		http://obrary.com					San Diego	n/a	Ocella LLC			Ocella LLC is developing disruptive technologies for wearable/textile electronics, soft robotics, internet of things (IoTs), and many more. Ocella's first mission is to revolutionize portable power by providing battery technologies that are affordable, safe, have an unlimited form-factor, and leading performance.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Oferta, Inc. DBA AccuSure								http://www.accusure.com					San Diego		OfferSavvy		Justin W. Boggs, Matthew Johnston	OfferSavvy is a social commerce marketplace where products are meant to be discovered, collected, shared and purchased by consumers that are offered by merchants looking to both find and participate in and create and cultivate communities of interest for their core products.	Online Marketplace, Media, Social Commerce, Product Discovery, Social Shopping, Product Offers, Rewards, CashBack, Ecommerce, and Charitable		Online Marketplace, Media, Social Commerce, Product Discovery, Social Shopping, Product Offers, Rewards, CashBack, Ecommerce, and Charitable							San Diego	n/a	OK Feed Me								http://okfeedme.com/					San Diego	n/a	Oklare, Inc.		Cobus Alberts, Tim Hyland	building tools for consumer water conservation	Renewables and Environment, Water, CleanTech, Clean Energy		Renewables and Environment, Water, CleanTech, Clean Energy		https://www.oklare.com/about					San Diego	n/a	OLE (Operation Life Extension)			We are helping to save lives better in combat and enhance life everywhere through the custom application of recombinant technology systems.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Olympus Sky		Bart Shields	Olympus Sky, an IoT security company, protects –Data-In-Flight”, with a highly simplified cryptographic Key Management Solution (KMS).					http://olympussky.com/					San Diego		Omnibase.tv			Omnibase cloud platform gives TV broadcasters, OTT (over-the-top) operators and content networks the power to deliver engaging entertainment. You are in control of your viewing data, you see interactive ads you selected and AI recommended, you are entertained with just-in-time augmented content to expand and enrich your experience.					http://www.omnibase.tv/omnibase/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Opening Studios													San Diego	n/a	OptCTS, Inc.													San Diego		Optics Trainer		Josh Li	Optics Trainer creates cutting edge therapy, training, and testing solutions which utilize eye tracking, virtual reality and augmented reality technology.	Games à Optometry à Health Care à Virtual Reality		Games à Optometry à Health Care à Virtual Reality		www.opticstrainer.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	optisom		Dave French	Project Z is studying and improving the sleep cycles for individuals within companies.	Sleep Health, Employee Wellness, Improve Employee Safety, Improve Employee Productivity, Lower Employee Healthcare Spend, and Improve Sleep		Sleep Health, Employee Wellness, Improve Employee Safety, Improve Employee Productivity, Lower Employee Healthcare Spend, and Improve Sleep		https://www.optisom.com/					San Diego		Orderoso			Mobile orders, mobile catalogs and a suite of tools built exclusively for B2B product sales.	Mobile, Sales Management, Mobile orders, mobile catalogs and a suite of tools built exclusively for B2B product sales.	B2B	Mobile, Sales Management, Mobile orders, mobile catalogs and a suite of tools built exclusively for B2B product sales.. Focus : B2B		http://orderoso.com/					Novata, CA		Osler MD		Bharat Shah	OslerMD collects your vital sign measurements using your fingertips. OslerMD also uses Bluetooth technology to connect to other devices.	Life Science, Medical devices		Life Science, Medical devices		http://www.oslermd.com					San Diego		OSSIC (Sonic VR)		Joy Lyons, David Carr, Jason Riggs	OSSIC X is the worldês first smart 3D audio headphone that instantly calibrates to the listener.	Audio, Gaming, Virtual Reality		Audio, Gaming, Virtual Reality		https://www.ossic.com/					San Diego		PacketSled		Matt Harrigan	PacketSled democratizes security investigations and response with automated network visibility, detection, & IR in the cloud	Cyber Security, Security, Data Visualization, Analytics, Big Data, Internet of Things		Cyber Security, Security, Data Visualization, Analytics, Big Data, Internet of Things		http://www.packetsled.com					San Diego	n/a	Paranetics													San Diego	?	Parking ProŠÜ¢ LLC													San Diego		Parting		Tyler, Rick, Will	Platform for finding funeral service providers 	Funeral homes	Marketplace	Funeral homes. Focus : Marketplace	Intro from Zack Linford, raising $700k	www.parting.com		https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IEfuLpJsmnRo5lZzZi5wR9RJWsKx8nvmLg0lsxLp4ps/edit			San Francisco	Notes : Intro from Zack Linford, raising $700k ,https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IEfuLpJsmnRo5lZzZi5wR9RJWsKx8nvmLg0lsxLp4ps/editn/a	PartySpark.com													San Diego		PathSense		Pete Tenereillo, John Dyer	Location stack for IOS and Android	Location Based Services, Automotive, Mobile		Location Based Services, Automotive, Mobile		https://pathsense.com/					San Diego	n/a	PEDLUR			We provide services that connect big consumers directly to farm sources, regardless of location. Businesses can now choose the price and supplier based on multiple factors including location, price and reviews.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Pelfunc Inc.													San Diego		Penguin App		Sidao Li	Mobile application that dedicated to connect people based on their experiences and common interests rather than physical appearance!	Mobile, App, Mobile App, Friend Making, Social Network, and Social Media		Mobile, App, Mobile App, Friend Making, Social Network, and Social Media							San Diego		Penguin App		Sidao Li	Mobile app	Mobile App, Friend Making, Social Network, and Social Media		Mobile App, Friend Making, Social Network, and Social Media		http://www.thepenguinapp.com/							Perfect Space		Nate Ritter	web development agency	Web application, Web development, Design		Web application, Web development, Design		http://perfectspace.com					San Diego		Perfict.co		Cory Faulkner	Fitness plan app	Mobile App, Health and Fitness		Mobile App, Health and Fitness		http://perfict.co/					San Diego		Performa Learning Inc.		Danielle Rowley	Performa Learning is building the next generation EdTech platform that combines educational best practices with Adaptive Learning, AI and Data Science techniques to accelerate professionals towards their goals.	Edtech, English Learning, Education		Edtech, English Learning, Education		http://www.performa-learning.com/index.html					San Diego	n/a	PeriTech Electronics, LLC													San Diego		Pet Partner (Pet Desk)		Taylor Cavanah, Aaron Bannister, Drew Davies, Ken Tsui	CRM software for pet care providers to promote pet health	CRM, SaaS, Apps, Mobile		CRM, SaaS, Apps, Mobile		http://www.petdesk.com					San Diego		Pet Wireless (Tailio)			Tailio turns your cat's litter box into a smart monitor. Device rests under box, detects signs of trouble, mobile app alerts & tools	Pets, Mobile App, Med device,		Pets, Mobile App, Med device,							San Diego		Phluido		Alan Barbieri	Wireless ReDefined. Radio As A Service. The industry-first software-defined RaaS Fronthaul-over-IP (RaaS-FIP) SDN NF	Wireless, Hardware, Software, Telecommunications		Wireless, Hardware, Software, Telecommunications		http://www.phluido.net					San Diego		Plasso		Drew Wilson	e-commerce payment platform	E-commerce		E-commerce		https://plasso.com/					San Diego		PlatinumBay		Steve Andrews	Software engineering firm that recruits able bodied autistic workers 	SaaS, Infrastructure	B2B	SaaS, Infrastructure. Focus : B2B		https://www.platinumbay.com/					San Diego		Playswell / Shopswell		Mark How, Gk Parish-Philp, Jordan Greenhall, Tim Erdmann, Michael Ferguson, Sondra Drahos	Shopswell is a community that helps each other shop by asking and answering questions, and sharing lists, articles, and reviews of the products they love.	Social Shopping, Internet, Shopping, Content Creators, Consumer, E-commerce		Social Shopping, Internet, Shopping, Content Creators, Consumer, E-commerce		https://www.shopswell.com/					San Diego		Pleenq LLC			PLEENQ allows you to tag any item within an image and link it to where it can be purchased. Allowing anyone to shop from any image.					http://pleenq.com/					San Diego		Podify, Inc.													San Diego		Portfolium		Adam Markowitz	Cloud-based platform empowers students with lifelong opportunities to capture, curate, and convert skills into job offers through their e-portfolio, while giving learning institutions and employers the tools they need to assess competencies and recruit talent	Education, EdTech, Internet, College Recruiting	b2b2c	Education, EdTech, Internet, College Recruiting. Focus : b2b2c		www.portfolium.com					San Diego		Posiba		Elizabeth Dreicer	Posiba is a big data and analytics-powered SaaS information service for the foundations, governments, nonprofits and donors.	SaaS, Non Profit, Analytics		SaaS, Non Profit, Analytics		http://posiba.com					San Diego		PowerDot		Eric Glader	Muscle stimulator	Device	B2C	Device. Focus : B2C		https://www.powerdot.com/					San Diego		Precise Price LLC		Justin Mealey	Precise Price offers complete technology packages that include sleek digital wifi price labels, cloud pricing software, marketing smartphone applications, and checkout kiosks that integrate with any Android or Apple smart device.	Social Media, Image Tagging, Online shopping, E-commerce		Social Media, Image Tagging, Online shopping, E-commerce					EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Precision Information (Educated Investor)		Joe Saari						http://www.educatedinvestor.com/					San Diego		Price Patrol		Vince Marconi	PricePatrol is a mobile application that monitors nearby stores for availability and price of what user wants.	Mobile App, Mobile Shopping, Deal Finding, and Personal Shopping Companion, E-commerce		Mobile App, Mobile Shopping, Deal Finding, and Personal Shopping Companion, E-commerce		http://pricepatrolapp.com					San Diego		Price Patrol App		Vince Marconi	Empowering retailers to influence shoppers and store traffic based on consumer behavior and real-time location.	Mobile App, Consumer products and services		Mobile App, Consumer products and services		https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/price-patrol/id807649028?mt=8					San Diego	n/a	Primo Wind, Inc.													San Diego		PrincipledStrategies		Patrick J Burns	Principled Strategies leverages the power of predictive analytics, optimization, and risk analysis to create innovative, customized solutions that significantly improve our clients' performance.	LifeSci, Data, Analytics, 		LifeSci, Data, Analytics, 		http://www.principledstrategies.com/					San Diego		ProdermIQ		Dana Hosseini, Eveie Wilpon	ProdermIQ is a skin health company utilizing the power of data and your microbiome to holistically evaluate skin and create personalized solutions	Skincare, Dermatology, and Microbiology, LifeSci, Life Sciences		Skincare, Dermatology, and Microbiology, LifeSci, Life Sciences		http://www.prodermiq.com					San Diego	n/a	Prodigi Kids			Baby products/ kid products										San Diego		Puptimize		DJ Todd, Rob Steinberg	One app for everything pup related: training, products, advice.	Pets, Mobile App	Marketplaces	Pets, Mobile App. Focus : Marketplaces		https://www.puptimize.com/about-us			Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Josh		San Diego	 Met With: Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Josh	PureForge		Douglas F. Wall, Nathan Meckel	PureForgeÈ, utilizing its unique proprietary Atomic-ForgedÂ process technology, currently offers PureForge brake rotors and pads that are unmatched in the brake industry.	Nanotechnology and Brake Parts, Automotive		Nanotechnology and Brake Parts, Automotive		https://www.pureforge.com/					San Diego		Qeepsake		Jeff McNeil, Duncan Street, Stephanie McNeil	A journal for parents on the go to document their journey with their children or pets.		B2C	. Focus : B2C	Proven scalability, 500k @1.5M eval and in-kind equity, 3 pay plan options (85% members free)	http://www.qeepsake.co		Al & Melanie (Taphunters), Al Bashara, Tech Stars	Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Nena, Taner, Vidya		San Diego	Notes : Proven scalability, 500k @1.5M eval and in-kind equity, 3 pay plan options (85% members free) ,Al & Melanie (Taphunters), Al Bashara, Tech Stars Met With: Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Nena, Taner, Vidya	Qelzal Corporation		Rob Benson, Olivier JMD Coenen	Next Generation Obstacle Avoidance for Commercial Drones (UAS)	Drones, Machine Learning, Sensor, Software, B2B		Drones, Machine Learning, Sensor, Software, B2B		http://www.qelzal.com					San Diego		Race HQ		Anton Villatoro, Don Mulligan, George Plsek	Project Management Platform for Races	Endurance Races, Event management, Project management, Online Marketplaces	B2B, B2C	Endurance Races, Event management, Project management, Online Marketplaces. Focus : B2B, B2C	Looking for $1M and board advisors for software development	http://www.racehq.com/			Andy, Eric, Kelly, Brandon (OTC), Cait		San Diego	Notes : Looking for $1M and board advisors for software development Met With: Andy, Eric, Kelly, Brandon (OTC), Cait*	RaceHQ		Anton Avillatoro	Event planning app	Mobile, App		Mobile, App							San Diego		Ransomly		Zach Prager	We create applications and Bluetooth beacons to help people put down their smartphones more often.	Psychology, Apps, Mobile, Hardware		Psychology, Apps, Mobile, Hardware		https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1872987074/ransomly-a-bluetooth-beacon-to-make-any-room-app-f?token=d3e31839			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Rational Robotics		Praveen Reddy, Mark Fiala		Robotics, Automotives		Robotics, Automotives		https://www.rationalrobotics.com/					San Diego		Reachify		Alex Holt	Reachify uses automated communication routing to deliver patientês messages from any channel to the right staff member with the contextual data that member needs to make an informed decision quickly.	SaaS, Communication Collaboration, Healthcare, and Messaging		SaaS, Communication Collaboration, Healthcare, and Messaging		https://reachify.io/						?	Renaissance Tots, LLC		David Wang											San Diego		ResortPass		Amanda Szabo	ResortPass is an online booking platform for day access to resorts and hotels for the pool, spa, and amenities.	Hospitality, Mobile, Booking		Hospitality, Mobile, Booking		https://www.resortpass.com/					San Diego		ResTech		Jeffrey Schipper	Restech offers minimally invasive tools to multiple specialties in order to accurately diagnose and manage reflux, and will continue to create solutions related to the complexity of the aerodigestive system.	Medical Device Manufacturer, Laryngopharyngeal reflux diagnostic test, Reflux diagnostic test, in office diagnostic test, and pH test		Medical Device Manufacturer, Laryngopharyngeal reflux diagnostic test, Reflux diagnostic test, in office diagnostic test, and pH test		http://www.restech.com/					San Diego		RetailOps 			RetailOps is web-based warehouse management system and retail operations tool. Our software is built off the process how ecommerce opperates	Management, SaaS, retail, operations		Management, SaaS, retail, operations		https://www.retailops.com/					San Diego	?	Rewire Health		Mark Oswald						https://www.medimpact.com/					San Diego		ReWorld		Sage Ren													Right Side Capital		Jeff Pomeranz, Dave Lambert, Kevin Dick	Right Side Capital Management invests in capital-efficient, seed-stage technology startups across the U.S. in every technology sector.	Firm, Seed Investors, Venture Capital		Firm, Seed Investors, Venture Capital		www.rightsidecapital.com					SF		RippleNami		Phil Gahn	RippleNami is the first easy-to-use, intuitive visualization platform that allows anyone to map their world	Software, Cloud, Mapping		Software, Cloud, Mapping		https://ripplenami.com					San Diego		Robolink		Hansol Hong	Robolink develops robotic kits and drone kits. Using Khan Academy-style videos, students can follow to build and program a robot or drone.	Education, Drones, Robotics		Education, Drones, Robotics		http://robolink.com					San Diego		Rock My World		Adam Riggs-Zeigen	App development company	Health, Wellness and Fitness, App, Mobile		Health, Wellness and Fitness, App, Mobile		http://rockmyworldmedia.com/					San Diego		Rocket Apps, Inc.		Ryan Grainger	Experience locator app	Mobile, App, Social, Locations, Events		Mobile, App, Social, Locations, Events		https://rocketingapp.com/					San Diego	n/a	Rockhop Labs		Kristen Michener 						http://www.rockhop.io					San Diego		Room2Learn.org		Jane Zhang	We are a sharing platform and design consultancy that tailors school spaces to learning and teaching needs.	Education, Consulting, Technology		Education, Consulting, Technology		http://room2learn.org/						n/a	Roomality		Aaron Ding, Emily Zisser	Roomality's goal is to make interior decorating decisions for people who don't want to make the decisions. To do this, we're using a quiz based algorithm to determine a person's style and then we recommend our best style kit to them. Our style kits include everything our customer needs to decorate their room all sold together in kit.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Saambaa		Mike Petanovitch, Matt Voigt	Weêve connected people with millions of things to do, curated by local editors.	Restaurants, Social Media, SaaS, Ticketing, Location Based Services, Events, Music, Mobile, Coupons		Restaurants, Social Media, SaaS, Ticketing, Location Based Services, Events, Music, Mobile, Coupons		http://go.saambaa.com/					San Diego		SandBox		Shayne Skaff	Coworking/venture space	Investing, SaaS	Specialized coworking space	Investing, SaaS. Focus : Specialized coworking space		http://www.moorevp.com/			Allison, Eric, Taner & Cait		San Diego	 Met With: Allison, Eric, Taner & Cait	Savara		John Lord, Chris Marich	Savara Pharmaceuticals develops an inhaled antibiotic for MRSA infection in Cystic Fibrosis	Pharmaceutical, Biopharma, Biotechnology		Pharmaceutical, Biopharma, Biotechnology		http://www.savarapharma.com					Texas		save it!		Brianne Korthase, Jan Bond	save it! allows users to create a profile for kids, family, friends, inspirational and save quotes, text messages, parts of emails along with an optional photo to save for later.	iOS à Apps à Kids à Mobile		iOS à Apps à Kids à Mobile		http://sayitsaveit.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Screens													San Diego	n/a	ScryTec Inc.			Scrytec is dedicated to developing software and systems to detect and mitigate online financial fraud.	Device, fingerprinting, hardware, IT, services		Device, fingerprinting, hardware, IT, services							San Diego		Seclytics		Saeed Abu-Nimeh, Victor Baddour 	Predicts cyber threats	AI, Security		AI, Security		https://www.seclytics.com/					San Diego	n/a	Second Opinion Specialists													San Diego		Secured Universe Inc.		Steven Rahseparian	Cyber Security for Mobile Devices	Android, Cyber Security, Security, Mobile		Android, Cyber Security, Security, Mobile		http://secureduniverse.com					San Diego		Seed Change		Kevin Smith	Investment platform	Fintech		Fintech		https://www.seedchange.com/					San Diego	n/a	Seenager, Inc (caredawn)				Accountable Communities for Health, Accountable Care Organizations, Senior Villages, and Population Health		Accountable Communities for Health, Accountable Care Organizations, Senior Villages, and Population Health							San Diego		Seismic		Douglas Winter, Marc Romano, Fred Xie, Nasser Barghouti, Ed Calnan	sales enablement solution that allows sales teams to deliver the right content at the right time on any device.	Real Time, Sales Automation, Content, Machine Learning, Analytics, Marketing Automation, Enterprise Software		Real Time, Sales Automation, Content, Machine Learning, Analytics, Marketing Automation, Enterprise Software	Pete Solvik & JMI Equity invested	http://seismic.com					San Diego	Notes : Pete Solvik & JMI Equity investedn/a	Sencentric, Inc.			Sensing environmental data	Environmental		Environmental		http://www.sencentric.com/					San Diego	n/a	SEO Metrics													San Diego	n/a	ServicePair													San Diego		SHEnetics		Dean Weber	Our cloud-based AI platform helps you transform your device into a smart talking assistant. Rapidly innovate and launch new devices and services while focusing on your core business and leave the voice technology to us.	Conversational AI	B2B	Conversational AI. Focus : B2B		http://www.she.ai/					San Diego		Shield AI		Andrew Reiter, Brandon Tseng, Ryan Tseng	Robot developers	Robotics, National Security, Artificial Intelligence, Drones		Robotics, National Security, Artificial Intelligence, Drones	Andreesen Horowitz funded Series A	http://www.shield.ai					San Diego	Notes : Andreesen Horowitz funded Series An/a	Shield Break Studios													San Diego		Shop Immigration		Liran Rosenfield	Shop Immigration connects immigrants with immigration attorneys, and provides the safest and most convenient way to obtain professional immigration legal services.	Platform, Service Provider, Consumer, Immigrants		Platform, Service Provider, Consumer, Immigrants		https://shopimmigration.com/					San Diego	n/a	Shopple													San Diego		Shopventory		Dave Carlson, Bach Le, Rares Saftoiu	inventory management and sales analytics services for retail businesses.	Sales, Analytics, Finance		Sales, Analytics, Finance		http://www.shopventory.com					San Diego		SIC Drones [System Interchangeable Commercial Drones]			Drone developer	Drones, AI 		Drones, AI 		https://sicdrone.com/#/main					Oregon	n/a	Simpatic		Alexander Lovell		Network Security, Security, Mobile		Network Security, Security, Mobile		http://www.simpatic.co/					San Diego	n/a	Skip!													San Diego		Skooltopia		Courtney Gant, Patti McCreary	Fundraising platform where small businesses donate percentage of profits to schools	E-commerce, Consumer, Education, Marketplace		E-commerce, Consumer, Education, Marketplace		http://www.skooltopia.com/					San Diego		Skylift Global		Amir Emadi	produce heavy-lifting aerial vehicles	Products, Drones, Robotics		Products, Drones, Robotics		http://skyliftglobal.com							Skyrobotics			produces and sales a series of Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS).	Drones/Robotics, AI, Aircraft		Drones/Robotics, AI, Aircraft		http://www.skyrobotic.com/					Italy	n/a	Skysense													San Diego	n/a	Skyvine Inc		Michael Chang	A.I. based technology start-up positioned to provide solutions to the challenges of IoT										San Diego		SmartDrive Systems		Greg Mauro	fuel management and driver safety solutions for customers in range of industries from waste management	Analytics, Information Technology, Public Safety, Waste Management		Analytics, Information Technology, Public Safety, Waste Management							San Diego		SmartProperty, Inc.		Damian Esparza 	SmartProperty simplifies financial planning and reserve management. It allows community associations to store, share, and retrieve property-related records to enable more accurate forecasts for budgeting purposes.	Data, RealEstate, Planning		Data, RealEstate, Planning		http://www.smartproperty.com					San Diego	n/a	Snews Media Inc			Computer Software Development and Applications business	News, Media, Online Resources		News, Media, Online Resources							San Diego		Soci		Afif Khoury, Alo Sarv	SOCi brings Big Brand social media campaign and promotion capabilities to small businesses and their service providers.	Social Media, SaaS, Digital Marketing		Social Media, SaaS, Digital Marketing	Grayhawk Capital, Vertical Venture Partners are investors	https://www.meetsoci.com/					San Diego	Notes : Grayhawk Capital, Vertical Venture Partners are investorsn/a	Solana Tracking			Solatrax monitors assets (in real-time, indoors or outdoors on xyz axis) and provides information to business users on any computer, tablet or phone. The mobile IoT devices (Solatag Bluetooth beacons) and are tracked in real-time by our Sentinels in our Zigbee mesh network. The Sentinels also are a platform for collecting sensor data (temperature, humidity, activity, location, etc.)								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Solenica		Diva Tommei	Bringing natural light through robotics to the indoors	Natural Lighting, Robotics, IOT (Internet of things), and Sustainability, Environment and renewables		Natural Lighting, Robotics, IOT (Internet of things), and Sustainability, Environment and renewables		http://solenica.com/					San Diego		Sourcify			Sourcify connects you with the world's top manufacturers from our vetted sourcing pool. Find a trustworthy, reliable, and capable manufacturer in minutes.	Service Industry, Management Consulting, Manufacturing		Service Industry, Management Consulting, Manufacturing		http://www.trysourcify.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Spark Aerial			build quadcopters, fixed wings and software					https://sparkaerial.com/					San Diego		Spark Compass		Erik B	 Spark Compass delivers mobile, curated, personalized experiences to the right person at the right time and place.	Mobile, Events, Consumer		Mobile, Events, Consumer		http://sparkcompass.com/					San Diego		SpectraScience			SpectraScience offers a system that uses light-based technologies to diagnose colorectal and other types of cancer.	Health Care, Biotechnology, Medical		Health Care, Biotechnology, Medical		http://spectrascience.com					San Diego	n/a	SporTech Business Intelligence				SaaS, Sports, Business Intelligence		SaaS, Sports, Business Intelligence							San Diego		SpotHero		Mark Lawrence, Lawrence Kiss, Jeremy Smith	SpotHero is the leading parking reservation service, with 8 million+ cars parked and the largest network of connected parking facilities.	Consumer, Mobile Apps, Transportation		Consumer, Mobile Apps, Transportation		http://www.spothero.com					Chicago		SprinkleBit		Alexander Wallin	SprinkleBit is a social investing platform that connects people to the information, tools, and community support they need to invest wisely.	Impact Investing, Social Media, Personal Finance, Financial Services, FinTech		Impact Investing, Social Media, Personal Finance, Financial Services, FinTech		http://www.sprinklebit.com/					New York		StackIQ		Greg Bruno, Mason Katz, Tim McIntire, Mason Katz	StackIQ develops a multi-server management system for clusters and clouds.	Computer, Cloud Computing, Software		Computer, Cloud Computing, Software	Acquired by Terradata July 2017	http://www.stackiq.com					San Diego	Notes : Acquired by Terradata July 2017	Stella Wearables, Inc.		Nicolas Gonzalez, Nishant Sood, Enrique Guadarrama	Stella Wearables, Inc. is a wearable device that measures UV radiation levels, and then notifies you.	Wearables, Health Care, Hardware, Software, Internet of Things		Wearables, Health Care, Hardware, Software, Internet of Things		https://www.stellawearables.com/					San Diego		Stellawearables.com		Nicolas Gonzalez, Enrique Guadarrama	Stella Wearables, Inc. is a wearable device that measures UV radiation levels, and then notifies you.	 Wearables, Health Care, Hardware, Software, Internet of Things		 Wearables, Health Care, Hardware, Software, Internet of Things		https://www.stellawearables.com/					San Diego	n/a	Stellicare Corporation			Stellicare's HIPAA compliant, SaaS software enables healthcare organizations to transition to collaborative, value-based reimbursement and outcome-driven care. Our software enables existing on-site clinical staff to manage behavioral health issues, leading to increased revenue and improved clinical and financial outcomes.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Stellup Inc													San Diego		StemoniX		Ping Yeh, Robert Petcavich	StemoniX is revolutionizing the production, growth, and development of stem cell and stem cell technologies.	Biotechnology, Health Diagnostics		Biotechnology, Health Diagnostics		http://stemonix.com/					San Diego		Stickshift Inc.		Chris Fawcett	t's an in-store technology platform that brings the powers of Mobile and the Internet of Things to drive better results for brands and shoppers in retail stores.	IoT, Mobile, Retail		IoT, Mobile, Retail		https://www.stickshift.rocks/					San Diego	n/a	StokeBox		Brian	StokeBox is a P2P marketplace where like-minded members trade, forward and exchange their gently used and outgrown stuff.	Recycling, Finance, Fashion		Recycling, Finance, Fashion							San Diego		Stompco.com		Ryan Williams, Robert Suarez, Dave Sick	Stomp Sessions is a simple mobile platform that matches athletes with local experts and pros to help you explore more and get better faster. Sports include: skateboarding, SUP, surfing, mountain biking, trail running, hiking, skiing and snowboarding.	Mobile App, Service, Consumer, Sports		Mobile App, Service, Consumer, Sports		http://stompco.com/							Stories About Places		Ron Hodson, Greg Gehrich	Stories About Places connects you to the places in stories.	Media, News		Media, News		www.storiesaboutplaces.com					San Diego		StrengthPortal		Matt McGunagle	StrengthPortal is a software platform for multi-location gyms to manage their personal training staff and track personal training services.	SaaS, Gym Software, and Fitness Software, Health & Fitness		SaaS, Gym Software, and Fitness Software, Health & Fitness		https://www.strengthportal.com/							Stringify (Milla)		Dave Evans, Mike Yurochko, Yaron Sheba	An Internet of Things (IoT) connection platform startup aiming to shape the transformation of the space	Enterprise Software, Information Technology, Internet of Things, IoT		Enterprise Software, Information Technology, Internet of Things, IoT		http://stringify.com					San Diego		Strongvolt Solar			StrongVolt has developed the worldês smartest personal solar charger featuring patent-pending SunTrack TechnologyÈ.	Solar, Environment and Renewables, Energy, CleanTech, Consumer products		Solar, Environment and Renewables, Energy, CleanTech, Consumer products		http://www.StrongVolt.com					San Diego		Sungenomics		Sunny Jain	Sun Genomics is a life science research company based in San Diego focused on genomic sciences to improve the quality of health.	Life Science, Consumer	B2C	Life Science, Consumer. Focus : B2C		http://www.sungenomics.com/					San Diego		Swingby		Ward Lennaerts	SwingBy is an app that helps users find the best events in their area by checking in on a map in real time.	IT, Services, Consumer services, Appointments, Scheduling		IT, Services, Consumer services, Appointments, Scheduling							San Diego		Swoop Inc.		Amir Ghorbani	Swoop is a transportation technology company focused on bringing ease of use, affordability, and trust to the group transportation industry.	Mobile Apps, Transportation, Information Technology		Mobile Apps, Transportation, Information Technology		https://www.swoopapp.com					LA	n/a	Tagboard													San Diego	n/a	TagHunt													San Diego		TANGO Technologies, Inc.		Bhavesh Shah	Breakthrough 10x power density shrinks Servers and PCs 10 fold smaller	Data Center, Hardware, Virtual Reality		Data Center, Hardware, Virtual Reality		http://10xhpc.com					San Diego		TapHunter		Melani Gordon, Jeff Gordon	TapHunter is the leading beer, spirit, cocktail, & wine management & marketing platform.	SaaS, Hospitality, Mobile		SaaS, Hospitality, Mobile		http://taphunter.com					San Diego	n/a	Tattooba			We Are A Social Network Focusing On Everything Tattoos										San Diego		Tealium		Mike Anderson, Ali Behnam	Tealium is a provider of a tag management system, including analytics, advertising and affiliate enterprise websites.	Internet, Marketing, Analytics, Enterprise Software		Internet, Marketing, Analytics, Enterprise Software		https://tealium.com/					San Diego		Team Vibe		Justin Ramers	A simple, modern platform that connects employees to company programs and social groups	Social platform		Social platform		https://teamvibe.com/					San Diego		Tecsomed		Sidd Rajput	Tecsomed develops technology solutions that focus on diabetic health and management.	Health management, HealthIT, Diabetes, 		Health management, HealthIT, Diabetes, 		http://www.tecsomed.com					San Diego		TED-Ex			TedEx is the company that offers a secure postal GPS tracking solution.	Consumer services, GPS, secure delivery, delivery tracking		Consumer services, GPS, secure delivery, delivery tracking		https://ted-ex.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Tee Leader			Golf tee time management system	golf, cloud, app, registration, tee times, consumer, leisure, travel, tourism		golf, cloud, app, registration, tee times, consumer, leisure, travel, tourism		http://www.teeleader.com/					San Diego	n/a	Telemtry Services Inc													San Diego		Tellient		Tristan Barnum, Shawn Conahan	Analytics for the Internet of Things. Tellient collects data from connected devices and transforms it into useful information.	Business Intelligence, Data Visualization, Analytics, PaaS, Software, Big Data, Internet of Things		Business Intelligence, Data Visualization, Analytics, PaaS, Software, Big Data, Internet of Things		http://tellient.com					San Diego		Tending	AL Meeting 9/23	Kimmey Hardesty, Meghan Tartell	A coordination tool & concierge services for those providing care to loved ones	Elder Care, Health Care, mHealth, Information Technology		Elder Care, Health Care, mHealth, Information Technology		http://www.starttending.com					San Diego	n/a	Terradetics													San Diego	n/a	The School Day		Peter Nystrom, Lana Nystrom, Brian Nadeau	The School Day provides both a web-based and smartphone app that allows teachers to support that role through sharing images, video, and information with parents.	Education management, Parents		Education management, Parents							San Diego		The Sync Spot		Darren Kramer	The Sync Spot is the first master contact management platform to give small business professionals an easy and permanent solution to manage all of their contact data and social relationships across mobile, tablet and desktop environments.	Information Technology and Services		Information Technology and Services		http://thesyncspot.com/					Los Angeles		THE TIRE LEADER			Online tire retail	E-commerce, Tire, Consumer		E-commerce, Tire, Consumer		http://www.thetireleader.com/					San Diego		Theraflux Medical		Shiv Shukla	Theraflux Medical, Inc. is a medical device developer focused on alleviating chronic nerve pain.	Medical Device		Medical Device		http://www.therafluxmedical.com/					La Jolla	n/a	Theragenomics													San Diego		ThinkingNode		Khai Minh Pham	ThinkingNode is a distributed AI system that goes beyond the traditional mono-inference engine of expert/symbolic systems; each concept is a mini-inference engine allowing the finest level of tuning for the inference strategy.	AI (healthcare & lifesci)		AI (healthcare & lifesci)		https://www.thinkingnode.com/			Eric		San Diego	 Met With: Eric	ThinkingNode		Khai M Pham	ThinkingNode* is a breakthrough Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology that empowers human thinking by providing exponential thinking capabilities.	Healthcare, Life Science, Genomics, AI, data		Healthcare, Life Science, Genomics, AI, data		https://www.thinkingnode.com/					San Diego		TicketSauce		Dave Schwan 	We are your complete event management and box office solution.	Event services, Events, Ticketing, Consumer		Event services, Events, Ticketing, Consumer		https://www.ticketsauce.com/					San Diego	?	ToGo													San Diego		Tortuga Logic, Inc.		Jason Oberg, Jonathan Valemehr, Ryan Kastner, Tim Sherwood	Tortuga Logic provides expertise, design tools, and technologies to facilitate the design of secure hardware.	Hardware, embedded systems, security		Hardware, embedded systems, security		http://www.tortugalogic.com/					San Diego		Tourrs, LLC (xp)		Aaron Martlage	TOURRS is a marketplace for anyone to create, sell and buy smartphone-guided tours.	Mobile, Experiences, Tour platform		Mobile, Experiences, Tour platform		http://www.tourrs.com					San Diego		TrafficRoots		Christian Valdez	TrafficRoots is a fast-growing and innovative advertising technology company. We create technology to maximize revenue for the digital ecosystem with an emphasis on the Cannabis industry.	Digital Marketing, Programmatic Ads, Cannabis Digital ads, and Vape Digital Ads		Digital Marketing, Programmatic Ads, Cannabis Digital ads, and Vape Digital Ads		https://trafficroots.com					San Diego		Trained Genius, Inc.													San Diego		Triden Systems		Kevin Hsieh, Ray Ayub	Triden Systems provides quick-serve restaurants with self-service kiosk ordering hardware and software, and a connected online/mobile ordering solution, that enables restaurants to accelerate and simplify the ordering process while reducing their labor costs.	Hardware, Software, Restaurants, Food Trucks		Hardware, Software, Restaurants, Food Trucks		http://www.tridensys.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Trifecta Business Consulting		John Ippolito	Trifecta Business Consulting provides Sales, Digital Marketing, and Consultation for businesses to help them grow and bring in revenue. The philosophy outlined in our mission statement is sales comes first, marketing second, but all is a futile without a great plan.					http://trifectabusinessconsulting.com/					San Diego		Trike Girl Studio, LLC		Sidney Fernandez	Game designer	e-sports, gaming, games, mobile		e-sports, gaming, games, mobile		http://www.trikegirlstudio.com					San Diego	n/a	Tritonway Systems			We design, build and manufacture IoT wireless data acquisition system coupled with pressure sensors and analog signal inputs that can be used for analyzing and monitoring air pressure sensors and command signals from equipped air brake control units and propulsion systems.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Trovata		Brett Turner	Treasury System: Cash forecasting and conversions for all bank accounts	Fintech, SaaS	B2B	Fintech, SaaS. Focus : B2B	Competitor: Kyriba. 8 product dev- 4 adboard. 9m cap on current notes. Raising 200-250k to close 400k or 500k (already have .5m raised from secondary). Targeting underserved market. 	https://trovata.io/			Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Taner, James Kelly, Cait		San Diego	Notes : Competitor: Kyriba. 8 product dev- 4 adboard. 9m cap on current notes. Raising 200-250k to close 400k or 500k (already have .5m raised from secondary). Targeting underserved market.  Met With: Allison, Andy, Eric, Kelly, Taner, James Kelly, Cait	trpz app		Deborah Smith	The Jet Set Go Rewards game is a groundbreaking new experience that pairs the fun of mobile game play with earning real world travel rewards, redeemable at Trpz.com	Mobile, Games, Rewards, Travel		Mobile, Games, Rewards, Travel		http://trpz.com/							Tunnel Vision VR		Cody Russel	Tunnel Vision is an add-on service to the wind tunnel industry (more commonly known as indoor skydiving). With our patent pending hardware/software, customers of wind tunnels can now choose to virtually skydive or fly anywhere in the world.	Virtual Reality, VR4D, and Indoor Skydiving		Virtual Reality, VR4D, and Indoor Skydiving		https://tunnelvisionvr.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Tutu Tech & Culture		Wei Fan, Alisa Au	LGBT roommate finding app	Mobile, App, Rommate search0	B2C	Mobile, App, Rommate search0. Focus : B2C		http://www.tuturoomii.com/					San Diego		Undiscovered Kitchen		Evona Niewiadomska	a digital farmers market for small batch, artisan food and gifts from makers around the country.	E-commerce, artisan food, gourmet, small batch, and farmers market		E-commerce, artisan food, gourmet, small batch, and farmers market		http://undiscoveredkitchen.com					Boston	n/a	Unifyed			Student networtk/social platform	Online Network, University Network, and Mobile/Website platform		Online Network, University Network, and Mobile/Website platform		http://www.unifyed.co/					San Diego		Uprise Energy		Jonathan Knight	Uprise Energy has designed, engineered, built, and tested the world's first and only Portable Wind Turbine. It can be easily delivered to any remote site in the world, set up by one person in one hour, and produce enough electricity to support 100 villagers in low wind speeds.	Wind Energy, Alternative Energy, Portable Power, Internal Combustion Engines, Hydrodynamics, and Engineering, Energy, CleanTech		Wind Energy, Alternative Energy, Portable Power, Internal Combustion Engines, Hydrodynamics, and Engineering, Energy, CleanTech		http://upriseenergy.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Usefulr Inc		Mike Canoy, Evan Tam, Devin Waltman	We create solutions that integrate state of the art technology in more useful ways. At Usefulr, our team of experts intertwine cloud, mobile, IOT, computer vision, and machine learning to create cost effective and more useful products.	SaaS, AI, 		SaaS, AI, 		https://www.usefulr.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016?	Usoc.org		Jillian Fontaine						http://www.teamusa.org/					San Diego		UVA Mobile		Mehul Merchant	a prepaid no-contract mobile service provider that empowers consumers to design their own plan, with fine level control to families and business.	Mobile, Service Provider, Consumer		Mobile, Service Provider, Consumer							San Diego		Vander		Sergio Villasenor	Vander is the leading Global Commerce solutions provider with an innovative approach and methodology integrated across experience-driven creative, management, research, strategy, and technology.	Logistics and Supply Chain, Logistics, eCommerce, 4PL, 3PL, Cross Boarder Commerce Solutions, Marketing, Digital Marketing, UI/UX Design , Web Development , Web Design , Rebranding , Branding , Analytics and Insights, Technology, Digital Tranformation, Omnichannel , and Retail		Logistics and Supply Chain, Logistics, eCommerce, 4PL, 3PL, Cross Boarder Commerce Solutions, Marketing, Digital Marketing, UI/UX Design , Web Development , Web Design , Rebranding , Branding , Analytics and Insights, Technology, Digital Tranformation, Omnichannel , and Retail		https://vander.co/							Vault Exposure Tracker		Clive Savacool, Chris Memmot	Accident reporting for firemen/policemen hurt while on the job	SaaS	B2B	SaaS. Focus : B2B		https://www.vaultexposuretracker.com/					San Diego	n/a	VAVICI			VAVICI restores the focus of healthcare from chronic to curative care by eliminating obesity and type 2 diabetes. VAVICI will put our doctors back in the game by introducing a web based solution that enables all our doctors to treat and cure these diseases in as little as 6 months.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	Veedly			Veedly is an On-Demand solution for generating high quality video and photo assets					http://veed.ly/video-production/san-diego					San Diego		Veniato		Nabil Takia	Veniato is a mobile platform where you can find other relevant professionals in your immediate vicinity, browse their Linkedin profile, seamlessly exchange virtual business cards with them - without a single click, seamlessly import their virtual business cards into your Address Book - with one click, write notes and perhaps chat with them.	Mobile, Events, Internet of Things		Mobile, Events, Internet of Things		http://herewestart.herokuapp.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	VeoCor		Andrew Dennis, Lorenzo Rossini	Veocor has developed the first tool to provide a quantitative assessment of the risk of cardiac thrombus (blood clot) formation and associated stroke.	Health, Healthcare, Healtt IT, Strokes, Cardiologist technology, Medical Devices, Software		Health, Healthcare, Healtt IT, Strokes, Cardiologist technology, Medical Devices, Software		https://www.f6s.com/veocor/discuss			EvoCompanies2016, StartR Spring 2017		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016, StartR Spring 2017	Verigio Communications Inc.			The company has developed a high performance cross-platform real-time security technology that operates at the device driver level. The technology performs tasks of network traffic content analysis, pattern detection, and traffic modification at all layers of TCP/IP stack.	cyber security, device drivers, network, and behavior		cyber security, device drivers, network, and behavior		https://www.verigio.com/products/			EvoCompanies2016		Costa Mesa, CA	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Vertex Ventures		AMR AWADALLAH	Investors in tech, cloud, saas systems	Cloud, SaaS, Investors, Venture Capital, Technology, and Startups		Cloud, SaaS, Investors, Venture Capital, Technology, and Startups		http://www.vertexventures.com					Palo Alto, CA		Vertical Venture Partners		David Schwab	Vertical Venture Partners is a venture capital firm investing in enterprise technology companies that target specific vertical markets.	Venture Captial, Aerospace, Ag, Education, Energy, Fintech, Healthcare, Real Estate, Retail, Telecommunications, Transportation		Venture Captial, Aerospace, Ag, Education, Energy, Fintech, Healthcare, Real Estate, Retail, Telecommunications, Transportation		https://vvp.vc/					Menlo Park, California	n/a	Verve			Verve is a Silicon Valley software company focused exclusively on developing embedded technology for process and workflow management.										SF		Victorise		Jerome Lacote		Augmented Reality, Wearables, Virtual Reality, and Mobile App		Augmented Reality, Wearables, Virtual Reality, and Mobile App		http://victorise.com/					Carlsbad		Victus		Phill Moorman	E-sports tournament platform	Gaming, e-sports, tournaments		Gaming, e-sports, tournaments	Raising seed round	https://victus.gg/					San Diego	Notes : Raising seed roundn/a	Videastream			Videastream seeks to provide a vehicle for the TV programmers to technologically catch up and surpass their OTT competition, while bringing a new level of video quality to consumers.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	VOR			VOR is developing pocket sensors to rapidly quantify bacteria in food, water, and environment for companies, government, and general public to ensure safety.								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	VRTUL		Casey Sapp	VRTUL is a VR production studio based in Southern California with an emphasis on live-action immersive storytelling and brand strategy.	VR, Storytelling		VR, Storytelling		http://vrtul.co/					San Diego		War Foodie			Monthly Coffee Subscription for Military	Coffee, Beverage, Military services, care packages, product/services		Coffee, Beverage, Military services, care packages, product/services		https://www.warfoodie.com/					San Diego		Warehouse Innovations		David Krippendorf 	Warehouse Innovations develops and distributes innovative healthy living devices in the United States, Canada, the UK, and Hong Kong	Health, Devices		Health, Devices		https://www.thekitchensafe.com/					SF		Waterpigeon		Clay Melugin, Sarp Sekeroglu	Automated water metering infrastructure.	Water, Infrastructure, CleanTech, Energy		Water, Infrastructure, CleanTech, Energy		https://www.waterpigeon.com/					San Diego		Webble			Webble is the leading and largest single source multi-tenant context platform. Using our proprietary Webble SmartSpot devices, we connect physical spaces to their real-time context information (a Webble).	Internet of Things, Bluetooth, Internet, and Micro Location Services		Internet of Things, Bluetooth, Internet, and Micro Location Services		http://www.webble.com/					San Diego		Weno		Saìl Palazuelos	Using data science to connect local food businesses with people's specific cravings.	Restaurants, Mobile Apps, Data Mining		Restaurants, Mobile Apps, Data Mining		http://www.weno.mx			EvoCompanies2016		Tijuana, Baja California	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Whoos Reading (learn2Earn)		Raphael Menko, Hayley Brooks, Gregory Sherrid	Whooo's Reading is a K12 independent reading platform used in 35,000 classrooms nationwide.	Fundraising, Reading, EdTech, and Literacy		Fundraising, Reading, EdTech, and Literacy		https://www.whooosreading.org/						*	Wildfire		Jordan Glazier											San Diego	n/a	Wildfire (Fitn)			Fitness membership platform	Fitness, Lifestyle, App, 		Fitness, Lifestyle, App, 		shutdown					San Diego		WiMedics			Smart medication bottling company	Health, Health IT		Health, Health IT		http://www.wimedics.com			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016n/a	WITtv		Michael Scott	WITtv enables television viewers to quickly purchase and research items shown on their favorite programs through a mobile application.	Consumer services, Mobile App		Consumer services, Mobile App		http://www.wittv.us/					San Diego	?	Woodfuel													San Diego		Wrapify		James Heller	Platform for people to get paid for advertising by using their personal cars as a campaign for various brands.	Marketing	B2C	Marketing. Focus : B2C		http://www.wrapify.com/					San Diego	n/a	Wridely		Ashley Ayres, Injy Gadalla	Wridely is enabling women drivers and riders to connect and discover a new casual ride experience via our mobile App.	Software, Women, Car Service, and Mobile App		Software, Women, Car Service, and Mobile App		http://www.wridely.com					San Diego	n/a	Wyldfire		Andrew White		Mobile, App		Mobile, App	Shutdown 2016	http://www.wyldfireapp.com/					San Diego	Notes : Shutdown 2016	XENDEE			Xendee develops next-generation cloud computing solutions for microgrid and smart grid project management and power system analysis.	Cloud computing, 		Cloud computing, 		https://www.xendee.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	yapert		Phil Kelly, Rick Cooper, Michael W. Young	Yapert operates MyFvs, a pop culture portal for millennials.	Social Media, Photo Sharing, Celebrity, Sports, Video, Music, News, Mobile		Social Media, Photo Sharing, Celebrity, Sports, Video, Music, News, Mobile		http://www.yapert.com					San Diego		yealthy		Austin Neudecker	Medical software company that facilitates and automates communications with patients.	Saas, healthcare		Saas, healthcare							San Diego	?	Yopro, Inc.			We are a way for homeowners to connect with home repair and maintenance professionals. Our platform answers three fundamental questions every homeowner wants to know when they need someone: 1. Who is showing up to my house? 2. When are they showing up to my house? 3. What are they going to charge me?								EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Younis Technologies Inc.		Saed Younis	Developing Wireless Indoor Position Location Solution for Mobile Devices	Mobile		Mobile							San Diego		Yuppr, Inc.		Elena Belabbes Nabi	A platform where users can discover these quality recommendations from people they know and trust as well as share their own recommendations with their friends and followers for mutual benefit.	Social Media, Recommendations, Mobile App, and Platform		Social Media, Recommendations, Mobile App, and Platform		http://www.yuppr.com/			EvoCompanies2016		San Diego	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Yuzit Inc.			Yuzit is a P2P marketplace (app) that helps people save money by borrowing items they need from others nearby and make money by lending items they own yet rarely use...all while connecting with people locally.	App, Mobile, 		App, Mobile, 		http://www.yuzitapp.com/			EvoCompanies2016		Carlsbad	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Zesty.io		Randy Socol	Zesty.io is a WCMS (Web Content Management System) that runs and operates 100% in a cloud network.	Website Platform, SaaS, Marketing, WCMS, and Enterprise Content Management		Website Platform, SaaS, Marketing, WCMS, and Enterprise Content Management		https://www.zesty.io/en-us/					San Diego		ZipDev		Daniel Altenburg, Michael Lenny	provides startups and small to medium sized businesses with Designers, Testers and Developers from Baja California and other tech hubs in Latin America.	iOS Development, Android Development, Web Application Development, Mobile Website Development, JavaScript, Mobile App Development		iOS Development, Android Development, Web Application Development, Mobile Website Development, JavaScript, Mobile App Development		http://www.zipdev.co/					San Diego, Tijuana		ZitoVault		Tim McElwee	We are building propriety technology to detect and stop Ransomware attacks, in real-time, before they can execute.	Computer & Networking Security		Computer & Networking Security		https://zitovault.com/			EvoCompanies2016		Carlsbad	 Met With: EvoCompanies2016	Zursh		Simon Sliman	Zursh is an online marketplace for customized research.	Search Engine, Market Research, Data Mining		Search Engine, Market Research, Data Mining		http://www.zursh.com					San Diego	